Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has taken to social media on Sunday, to react to ex-teammate Henrikh Mkhitaryan’s latest starring display for AS Roma. Armenian midfielder Mkhitaryan of course made the move to the Italian capital on a permanent basis this past summer, on the back of a fine campaign on loan at the Stadio Olimpico. This brought to an end an altogether underwhelming stint in north London, which saw ‘Mkhi’ struggle for both form and fitness. The early weeks of the new campaign, meanwhile, have seen the 31-year-old go on to remind fans of just how impressive a performer he can be when firing on all cylinders. Across 10 appearances to this point, Mkhitaryan has directly contributed to 9 goals. And his standout display of 2020/21 thus far came earlier today. Roma made the trip to the Luigi Ferraris this afternoon, for a Serie A meeting with Genoa. And Mkhitaryan went on to prove the undisputed star of the show, bagging all 3 of his side’s goals, as the visitors emerged with a fully deserved 3-1 win. Henrikh Mkhitaryan has scored his first league hat-trick in a top-five European division. It’s his first league hat-trick since August 2012 for Shakhtar.  https://t.co/L3Huxrropo — Squawka Football (@Squawka) November 8, 2020 In the aftermath of his Man of the Match display, meanwhile, Roma’s midfield star swiftly took to social media, to celebrate bagging the match ball: For MY NATION! For MY ROMA! @OfficialASRoma #Micki #Hattrick #Hattrickhitaryan #GenoaRoma #PeaceForArmenians #RecognizeArtsakh #ArtsakhStrong #ArmeniaStrong pic.twitter.com/qzvRqHRfhr — Henrikh Mkhitaryan (@HenrikhMkh) November 8, 2020 And, as outlined above, one of Mkhitaryan’s former teammates has since followed suit, in revealing his delight for the Armenian. The individual in question is Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who of course lined out alongside Mkhi at not only Arsenal, but also Borussia Dortmund. Taking to his Twitter account, the Gunners captain posted the following simple message of support: https://t.co/bZOktZ0ZPY — Aubameyang P-E (@Aubameyang7) November 8, 2020 Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta backs decision to sell Emiliano Martinez to Aston Villa The best Harry Kane stats as Spurs star makes history and beats out Arsenal legend with late winner Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Arsenal star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has this evening moved to quell the rampant speculation surrounding his future at the Emirates. Arsenal standout Gabonese hitman Aubameyang made the move to north London from Borussia Dortmund in January of 2018. And to say that the 30-year-old has since gone on to prove himself… January 6, 2020 In "Sports" After netting a brace in his side’s drubbing of Norwich City this evening, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has spoken out over his future at Arsenal. Gunners dominant Mikel Arteta’s men welcomed Premier League basement-dwellers Norwich to the Emirates a short time ago, for the club’s latest league outing. The hosts headed into… July 1, 2020 In "Sports" As per a report from Matt Law of the Telegraph, Arsenal look increasingly likely to lose star man Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang next summer. Arsenal standout Gabonese hitman Aubameyang made the move to north London from Borussia Dortmund in January of last year. And to say that the 30-year-old has since gone… December 31, 2019 In "Sports"