The latest round of candidates for the Premier League’s Player of the Month award have been revealed on Friday, with stars from the likes of Chelsea, Tottenham and Manchester City all present. October of course proved another action-packed month in the English top-flight. As the delayed Premier League campaign finally began to get into full swing, typical drama, controversy and hearth-in-the-mouth entertainment followed. Amongst the standout results of the month were Spurs’ 6-1 drubbing of Manchester United at Old Trafford, along with Aston Villa’s 7-2 humbling of champions Liverpool. Manuel Lanzini’s stunning last-minute equaliser, to complete West Ham’s 3-goal, 10-minute turnaround at Tottenham, meanwhile, will no doubt live long in the memory. ! From 3-0 down, #WHUFC snatch a draw against #THFC thanks to a 94th minute rocket from Manuel Lanzini! #TOTWHU pic.twitter.com/8lDIHgH6EW — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 18, 2020 When it comes to the table itself, Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool swiftly bounced back from their embarrassing defeat at Villa, to take their place at the Premier League’s summit. Previous table-toppers, Everton, on the other hand, have slipped off the pace, whilst the likes of Leicester, Tottenham and Southampton have all begun their ascent towards top spot. Elsewhere, Manchester United’s early-season woes continued, with bottom-three West Brom, Burnley and Sheffield United the only clubs yet to bag a league win this season. Now that the dust has settled on another hectic month of action in the English top-flight, meanwhile, as outlined above, the nominees for the October Player of the Month have been revealed. The list of candidates comes as a widely varying one, featuring a host of clubs and positions alike. The only side to have two players up for the prize are Tottenham, boasting both Harry Kane and Heung-min Son. Elsewhere, defenders from Chelsea and Manchester City, in the form of Thiago Silva and Kyle Walker, have also been given the nod. Southampton striker Che Adams too is nominated, along with Wolves captain Conor Coady and in-form West Ham midfielder Pablo Fornals. Finally, rounding out the list is Aston Villa and England standout Jack Grealish. nominees,  winner Che AdamsConor Coady Pablo FornalsJack Grealish Harry Kane Son Heung-minThiago SilvaKyle Walker Who is your @EASPORTSFIFA Player of the Month for October? https://t.co/iV1yEa82cb | #PLAwards pic.twitter.com/1UQTZZbN3r — Premier League (@premierleague) November 6, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The nominees for the September Premier League Player of the Month award have this afternoon been announced. PL rumbles on This past month saw most clubs in action in the English top-flight just 3 times, due to a lengthy international break, and cup commitments. Nevertheless, it proved a crucial one… October 4, 2019 In "Sports" The winners of all of the Premier League’s Player of the Month, Manager of the Month and Goal of the Month for September have been revealed on Friday. Toffees continue to impress The surprise package of the early weeks of the Premier League season have of course come in the… October 9, 2020 In "Sports" Tottenham vs West Ham Sunday’s marquee Premier League tie was played out a short time ago. The clash saw Tottenham play host to London rivals West Ham United. Both sides headed into proceedings in solid form, with Spurs’ previous outing, of course, having seen Jose Mourinho’s men dispatch of Manchester… October 18, 2020 In "Sports"