Footage of the moment Arsenal midfielder Joe Willock lost control of his car before drifting off the motorway has emerged online on Thursday. The clip in question, which can be seen below, was captured by the dashcam of another car behind Willock’s. The English youngster seemingly misjudged one of the exits from the M1 motorway, cutting across 3 lanes. Willock’s Mercedes G-Wagon went on to collide with the crash barrier on the side of the road, the impact of which forced a rear wheel to fly off. The jeep then swerved dangerously back to the far lane, before eventually finding its way head-first into a roadside grass verge. Another nearby driver is said to have emerged to check the scene, later describing Willock as ‘shaken, but fine’, as per the Daily Mail. The 21-year-old was actually en route to an Arsenal training session when the accident took place, though he was well enough to start in Arsenal’s meeting with Leeds United the following day. EXCLUSIVE: Terrifying moment young Arsenal star Joe Willock loses control of his £140,000 Mercedes G-Wagon https://t.co/cmyBXc4EpH pic.twitter.com/92uUFNmkTK — Daily Mail U.K. (@DailyMailUK) November 26, 2020 Further reports have confirmed that Mikel Arteta and co. sat down for a conversation with Willock in the aftermath of the incident: Arsenal have spoken to Joe Willock after he lost control of his car on his way to training on Saturday, emerging shaken but unscathed. By @garyjacob #AFC https://t.co/R6c8xiAhcf — Times Sport (@TimesSport) November 26, 2020 Arsenal’s young midfield star was this evening nevertheless handed his 2nd consecutive start for the club, in the north Londoners’ Europa League meeting with Molde: Team news! Alex Runarsson in goal @LacazetteAlex captains the side Granit Xhaka x Joe Willock#UEL — Arsenal (@Arsenal) November 26, 2020 A largely uninspired 45 minutes thus far, however, sees Arteta’s men locked at 0-0 with their Norwegian hosts. Confirmed: Arsenal the first Premier League club to welcome fans back to stadium Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.