Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has this evening provided an explanation for Sergio Aguero playing no part in his side’s win over Burnley. The Sky Blues welcomed Sean Dyche’s men to the Etihad on Saturday afternoon, for a Premier League clash. City of course headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back victory, having been downed by Tottenham in concerning fashion last weekend. This result left Guardiola’s men languishing in the bottom half of the English top-flight table. When the 90 minutes were said and done in Manchester today, though, not only did the Citizens get back to winning ways, but managed to build some much-needed confidence in the process. An utterly dominant City display eventually saw Burnley put to the sword by 5 goals to nil. Riyad Mahrez proved the star of the show, bagging a superb hat-trick to claim the match ball. 2 – Riyad Mahrez is only the second African to score a Premier League hat-trick for Man City after Yaya Toure against Fulham in March 2014. Super. #MCIBUR pic.twitter.com/H3UZukcpKy — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 28, 2020 Benjamin Mendy and Phil Foden were also on target for the hosts at the Etihad, guiding City up to 8th in the Premier League table. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/u_gx-OzJF68" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> Whilst, when all was said and done, Saturday’s action proved of a positive nature for City, however, one concern was nevertheless forthcoming, on the personnel front. Sky Blues hitman Sergio Aguero played no part versus Burnley, after being completely omitted from Pep Guardiola’s matchday squad. Worryingly, this came after the Argentine had returned to action for the first time in over a month with a late cameo at Olympiacos during the week. As such, speaking during his post-match press conference this evening, City boss Guardiola was inevitably drawn on Aguero’s wellbeing. And the Spanish tactician went on to confirm that, though Aguero is no longer in fact injured, the Citizens are wary of a potential flare up in his knee, with his absence this afternoon having therefore come as a precaution: PEP on @aguerosergiokun  Aguero is not injured – sometimes there is a reaction in the knee. Hopefully tomorrow he can return to training. — Manchester City (@ManCity) November 28, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.