An update on the wellbeing of Tottenham star Son Heung-min has been forthcoming online on Saturday evening. The major news in north London earlier today of course surrounded Son’s health. The 28-year-old, fresh off the back of a scintillating opening to the new campaign, is currently away on international duty with South Korea. As such, it no doubt came as a major source of concern when a number of Son’s international teammates this weekend tested positive for Covid-19. Just 24 hours after word was forthcoming that Liverpool standout Mohamed Salah had returned a positive test, the Tottenham faithful therefore faced an anxious wait to discover whether their own in-form wide-man was set for a spell out of action. Tottenham star Son quarantining after five South Korea players test positive for coronavirus https://t.co/9pkJi8B3iL — Standard Sport (@standardsport) November 14, 2020 An update on the situation, though, has since been forthcoming. And, in a major source of relief for all associated with Spurs, the news surrounding Son is positive. As confirmed by the South Korean Football Association, the country’s star man, following the latest round of testing, has returned a negative Covid-19 result: Two more South Korea players have tested positive for Covid today in new tests but Son Heung-min tested negative, according to the Korean FA. South Korea will now play against Mexico in Austria as planned. — Alasdair Gold (@AlasdairGold) November 14, 2020 Son’s clean bill of health comes with Tottenham gearing up for a major test next weekend. Jose Mourinho’s men will return to action following the international break in a meeting with Manchester City in north London. The Lilywhites head into proceedings sitting 2nd in the Premier League table, just a point adrift of early pace-setters Leicester City. Man City, on the other hand, are languishing in 10th, albeit with a game in hand over their upcoming hosts. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.