Monday’s latest round of Nations League action saw goals and drama spread equally across all 3 fixtures, as European football’s biggest stars showcased their talents on the international stage. There is, for obvious reasons, only one place to start when it comes to tonight’s fixtures – Spain’s meeting with Germany. La Roja welcomed Jogi Low’s men to Seville, for a crunch Nations League clash. It was the visitors who held top spot in the Group D table ahead of kick-off, following a comfortable weekend victory over Ukraine. Spain, though, sat just a point back of Die Mannschaft, and no doubt fancied their chances of leapfrogging Die Mannschaft before proceedings got underway. Even Luis Enrique’s hosts, though, could surely not have predicted the absolutely mauling which was set to unfold over the course of the 90 minutes on Tuesday evening. When all was said and done at the Estadio La Cartuja, La Roja emerged with a staggering 6-0 victory. Alvaro Morata put Spain on their way inside the opening 20 minutes, before star of the show Ferran Torres made it two just past the half-hour mark. That’s the start that Spain were after! Morata leaps highest to power a header home from close range… Watch #SPAGER live on Sky Sports Football or follow the rest of tonight’s Nations League games here: https://t.co/Iu2eplMgMP pic.twitter.com/ON5nJ5eTmV — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 17, 2020 Manchester City teammate Rodri was next up, nodding home a corner from the left, soon followed by Torres adding another with 55 minutes on the clock. The home side, and City’s summer signing in particular, though, were not prepared to let up, as Torres secured his hat-trick with Spain’s 5th courtesy of a wonderful side-footed finish: Five-star Spanish! Torres grabs his hat-trick after curling a fantastic finish into the bottom corner! Watch #SPAGER live on Sky Sports Football or follow the rest of tonight’s Nations League games here: https://t.co/Iu2eplMgMP pic.twitter.com/72uvXgvfRf — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 17, 2020 And Germany’s humiliation was complete with just minutes remaining in Seville, as Mikel Oyarzabal slotted home from close range to make it 6. Spain have now officially booked their spot in the Nations League’s final-4. One of the countries whom La Roja could well be set to face in their quest for Nations League glory, meanwhile, were also in action tonight. France welcomed Sweden to the Stade de France, having sealed their own qualification courtesy of a hard-fought win over Portugal at the weekend. Didier Deschamps, though, nevertheless opted to field a strong XI on Tuesday, featuring the likes of Raphael Varane, Paul Pogba and Antoine Griezmann. And, in the end, the quality of the hosts simply proved too much for an admittedly game Sweden. After Viktor Claesson handed the visitors a surprise lead inside the opening 5 minutes, Olivier Giroud soon levelled things up with a sweet left-footed strike: What a finish! Thuram’s cut back picks out Giroud, who sweeps the ball past Olsen to bring the sides level. Watch #FRASWE live on the Red Button or follow the rest of tonight’s Nations League games here: https://t.co/YMnEYdBQPD pic.twitter.com/5LmWc2iwD7 — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 17, 2020 And Les Bleus went on to turn the clash on its head 10 minutes before the interval, when Benjamin Pavard lashed home in style. Chelsea hitman Giroud was then back at it again to extend France’s advantage on the hour-mark: That is vintage Giroud! Mbappe picks out his run and the #CFC forward heads home at the near post! Watch #FRASWE live on the Red Button or follow the rest of tonight’s Nations League games here: https://t.co/YMnEYdBQPD pic.twitter.com/1KxUmXJ3Ih — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 17, 2020 Sweden, to their credit, stuck at it, though, and managed to pull one back courtesy of Robin Quaison just minutes from time. But, in their attempts to bag an all-important equaliser, the visitors left space at the back, allowing Kingsley Coman to slot home into an empty net deep into injury-time, as France rounded out their Nations League qualification campaign in style. Also worth taking note of on the back of tonight’s proceedings in Paris is Olivier Giroud’s progressive climb up Les Bleus’ all-time goalscoring chart: 44….and now seven away. https://t.co/woakJ8lujh — Squawka Football (@Squawka) November 17, 2020 With Switzerland’s meeting with Ukraine having been called off due to Covid-19 concerns, the final of 3 Nations League fixtures played out on Tuesday night took place in Split. Croatia welcomed Portugal to the Stadion Poljud, for the final of their Group C fixtures. Both sides headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, on the back of respective defeats over the weekend. When all was said and done, though, there could only be one winner, with the visitors having eventually emerged with a hard-fought 3 points. It was Croatia who took the lead in the clash, when Mateo Kovacic slotted home on the rebound for his first international goal with 29 minutes gone. The hopes of Zlatko Dalić’s men, however, took a heavy hit early in the 2nd-half, when Marko Rog was given his marching orders for a second bookable offence. Adding insult to injury was Portugal levelling things up from the ensuing free-kick, as Manchester City stopper Ruben Dias finished from close range after Cristiano Ronaldo’s powerful initial effort was only half cleared: Dias puts Portugal on level terms! Livakovic can only push Ronaldo’s free kick back into the danger area and he sweeps home from close range. Watch #CROPOR live on the Red Button or follow the rest of tonight’s Nations League games here: https://t.co/YMnEYdBQPD pic.twitter.com/tomtWtEpJX — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 17, 2020 And Portugal were soon in front, as Joao Felix kept alive his fine recent spell of form with a strike on the hour-mark. Croatia, though, refused to roll over, and levelled things up 5 minutes later, when Mateo Kovacic continued a fine evening for Chelsea’s stars across the continent with a superb finish from the edge of the area: The 10-men are level! The ball is rolled back to Kovačić and he threads a shot into the far corner for his second of the night! Watch #CROPOR live on the Red Button or follow the rest of tonight’s Nations League games here: https://t.co/YMnEYdBQPD pic.twitter.com/CMwwUIGpf7 — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 17, 2020 The hearts of the hosts, however, were eventually broken with 90 minutes on the clock, as surprise hero Dias added his 2nd of the clash, to ensure that champions Portugal’s exit from the Nations League at least came with the country’s heads held high. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.