SPM is a firm with an unparalleled mix of strategic and technical expertise in business development, financial management, management consulting and corporate training programmes structured with industry specifics and functional applications.SPM has built for itself a reputation for producing results and a driven excellence culture for client’s satisfaction both regionally and internationally. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Abuja and Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Abuja (FCT), Enugu, Kaduna, Lagos, Oyo and Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 5th November, 2020. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at SPM Professionals Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. SPM is a firm with an unparalleled mix of strategic and technical expertise in business development, financial management, management consulting and corporate training programmes structured with industry specifics and functional applications.SPM has built for itself a reputation for producing results and a driven excellence culture for client’s satisfaction both regionally… December 6, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Willers Solutions Limited Willers Solutions Limited is recruiting on behalf of her clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: 1. Digital Marketing Executive Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Senior RF – Transmission Operations Engineer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. Chef (Continental… September 20, 2019 In "Gists" SPM is a firm with an unparalleled mix of strategic and technical expertise in business development, financial management, management consulting and corporate training programmes structured with industry specifics and functional applications.SPM has built for itself a reputation for producing results and a driven excellence culture for client’s satisfaction both regionally… December 6, 2019 In "Gists"