France faced off with Portugal on Saturday evening, in a Nations League clash. The two sides headed into the tie in fine form, sitting level on points atop Group 3. Both were also previously unbeaten across their respective Nations League campaigns, meaning Saturday’s winner would secure a huge advantage when it comes to progressing to the competition’s next round. The previous meeting between the two saw a 0-0 draw played out in October, and it proved a similarly tight affair this time around. The only goal of the game came 53 minutes in, courtesy of Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante: Kante converts for France! Patricio palms away Rabiot’s effort but the Chelsea midfielder makes no mistake from close range! Watch live on Sky Sports FootballFollow live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/luTwry1ODg — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 Kante lined out alongside Paul Pogba for France vs Portugal, and has since been full of praise for the Manchester United midfielder. Pogba is currently in the midst of something of a rough patch at Old Trafford, which has seen both Scott McTominay and Fred preferred to the former Juventus man by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. France boss Didier Deschamps recently spoke out regarding Pogba’s situation in Manchester, admitting that it has impacted the 27-year-old mentally. Kante, though, clearly has no issues when it comes to featuring alongside Pogba, going as far as to label the experience ‘a pleasure’: “He’s been injured for a while and it had been a while since we had played together. “We remember the World Cup that we played together. It’s a pleasure to play with Paul. “On the pitch, we felt great. I’m satisfied with the performance and the performance of the team. We were at the level we needed to be at. “There’s a lot expected of us. We’re the world champion and the European Championship will be another challenge, but it’s certain that we’re a great team.” Quotes via Goal. See also: Belgium vs England betting tips: UEFA Nations League preview, predictions & odds Italy vs Poland betting tips: UEFA Nations League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.