Gabriel Jesus picked up an injury in Manchester City’s season opener vs Wolves back in September. Said injury saw the Brazilian sidelined for nine of the Sky Blues’ games, leaving them fairly light up top. And though Ferran Torres did a solid job filling in for both Jesus and Sergio Aguero, Pep Guardiola will have no doubt been pleased to welcome back a recognised centre-forward to his ranks. Jesus returned to action last week, coming off the bench to net vs Olympiacos in the Champions League. The hitman was then in from the off over the weekend, scoring a spectacular strike to bring City level vs Liverpool: 101’s Top 5 Goals of the Week Jesushttps://t.co/tUjVzHgRNj — 101 Great Goals (@101greatgoals) November 10, 2020 Now, after going away on international duty, Jesus has opened on his recent injury struggles in an interview with Brazilian outlet, Globoesporte: “It was a very complicated injury. At first, I finished the game well, but when the blood cooled, I couldn’t walk properly, it was a kick and then a sprint that I ended up feeling something, but I continued. “And the next day the doctor asked how I managed to finish the game. I didn’t feel it and then the exams showed. It was a long recovery, because it is a region that bleeds a lot. “And I was bothered by being stopped, and being cut up made me very upset by the injury. After the Guardiola interview, there was some confusion, I was about to return, but everything was resolved. I came back and I’m fine.” One man who did not feature vs Liverpool was Riyad Mahrez. The winger was completely omitted from the matchday, with rotation cited as a potential reason. Mahrez, though, has since linked up with Algeria for the latest international break. And Djamel Belmadi, the African outfit’s manager, has been speaking about Mahrez’s recent City snub, stating that the wide-man is disappointed. “There’s nothing alarming about Mahrez’s situation at Manchester City. “If you look at the number of games he’s played recently, it’s a fair amount. Pretty much all of them. It’s true we were all awaiting that game against Liverpool. We would have liked to see Riyad play and perform against that kind of opposition. “Unfortunately, that’s part of the job. To face this kind of situation. Stay strong and not dramatise it. “Riyad loves football, he would have liked to play that type of game. He’s disappointed. We all were not seeing him, but at the same time, he’s very happy each time to find the national team again.” Quotes via Manchester Evening News. See also: Brazil vs Venezuela betting tips: World Cup qualifier preview, predictions & odds Argentina vs Paraguay betting tips: World Cup qualifier preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.