Jose Mourinho has this evening provided an update on the wellbeing of Toby Alderweireld, with the news far from encouraging from a Tottenham perspective. Spurs of course welcomed Manchester City to north London earlier today, for the respective clubs’ return to action following the international break. The hosts headed into proceedings aware that a win would see them, at least temporarily, take over top spot in the Premier League table. And, when all was said and done in the capital, take control of the English top-flight is precisely what Tottenham managed. A stellar showing on the part of Mourinho’s men, particularly from a defensive standpoint, eventually saw the Lilywhites down City by 2 goals to nil. Heung-min Son set Tottenham on their way inside the opening 5 minutes, latching onto a perfect Tanguy Ndombele pass, before sliding home beneath the onrushing Ederson. And Giovani Lo Celso rounded out the evening’s scoring 25 minutes from time, driving a superb finish into the far corner of the visitors’ net after being slipped in by Harry Kane. 9 – Harry Kane has provided nine assists in his nine Premier League games this season, more than any other player in the division. Kane had provided just eight assists in his previous three league campaigns combined (94 games). Evolution. pic.twitter.com/WGRGA0bKA9 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 21, 2020 <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/no6WCLOHEFc" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> As outlined above, however, on an otherwise positive day for all associated with Spurs, one major concern was also forthcoming. This came in the form of an injury picked up by Toby Alderweireld. With 10 minutes to play in north London, Belgian stopper Alderweireld went to ground, in evident pain. After being tended to by the hosts’ medical team, it was eventually decided that the 31-year-old was not in a position to continue, with Joe Rodon having been introduced in his place. As such, with Tottenham short on options at centre-half, panic quickly set in amongst the club’s fans. And, as confirmed by Jose Mourinho, if the early signs are anything to go by, then things do not look good for Alderweireld. Speaking during a post-match interview, Mou was drawn on the possibility that the injury picked up by his star stopper could prove a long-term one. And the Portuguese replied: ‘I would say so.’ During a later press conference, meanwhile, Mourinho provided a further insight into the situation: ‘It’s bad. It’s a muscular abductor injury. We have three centre-backs in the Premier League but not in the Europa League where we don’t have Joe Rodon.’ ‘There’s nobody to blame. He played in matches for Belgium they needed to win. It’s just one of those things.’ A blow for Spurs on an otherwise excellent day.. — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 21, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.