Sunday’s final Premier League fixture pitted Arsenal against Wolves. The Gunners headed into the match in desperate need of a bounce-back result, after a nightmare run of results in the Premier League which had seen them score just one goal across the club’s last 5 outings. Wolves, on the other hand, were in decent form, and continuing their early push for a European place. As things stand in north London, meanwhile, it is indeed Nuno Santo’s side who hold the advantage at the Emirates. Pedro Neto fired the visitors into the lead 27 minutes in, before Gabriel levelled things up for Mikel Arteta and co. just moments later. Just before the break, though, Daniel Podence netted a superb goal to put Wolves in front once more: See ya! Wait for touch from Daniel Podence as Wolves retake the lead… Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #ARSWOL here: https://t.co/MQyoPBmHgRDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/VyJHRFhMQt — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 29, 2020 The scoreline, however, is in fact far from the major talking point to have stemmed from the action at the Emirates thus far. The majority of the chatter across social media has instead surrounded the upsetting clash between Raul Jimenez and David Luiz early in the first 45. Luiz, thankfully, managed to return to his feet, before being bandaged up. Jimenez, on the other hand, was stretchered off, and promptly taken to hospital: Raul Jimenez gone to hospital after that clash of heads with David Luiz. — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) November 29, 2020 What has since sparked even further attention, however, is the fact that David Luiz was somehow permitted to play on. As things stand, the Premier League does not have a concussion substitute rule in place, though it was trialed in the FA Cup earlier this year. One would have to assume, though, that had such a rule been in place this evening, Luiz would have been afforded a much more detailed checkup. Worryingly, after returning to the pitch, it quickly became apparent that Luiz was still bleeding from his head: How are they still letting David Luiz play? He is literally bleeding through the bandage! pic.twitter.com/ABaL6moxC1 — ً (@DrippyDiogo) November 29, 2020 And the situation, as showcased below, has since resulted in considerable concern online: We let a concussed man with half his blood on the outside take a free kick. This club. — arseblog (@arseblog) November 29, 2020 Why is David Luiz being allowed to continue with blood seeping through his bandage on his head? — Darren Lewis (@MirrorDarren) November 29, 2020 Serious questions to be asked of Arsenal allowing David Luiz to continue here — FootballJOE (@FootballJOE) November 29, 2020 Long delay here and all of the medical staff still working on Jimenez. Luiz head strapped up – shocked he is able to continue. — Mark Mann-Bryans (@MarkyMBryans) November 29, 2020 This is a scandalous dereliction of duty from Arsenal’s medical team to allow David Luiz to continue. What are they thinking? — Tyrone Marshall (@TyMarshall_MEN) November 29, 2020 See also: Leicester City vs Fulham betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds West Ham vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.