Manchester United have, on Monday, been put on alert, amid concerns over the wellbeing of Edinson Cavani. The latest international break has of course proven less than kind to a host of clubs across the Premier League landscape. Champions Liverpool have been the most harshly hit, with Joe Gomez, just days after linking up with the England squad, having joined the likes of Virgil van Dijk, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara on the sidelines. Incredibly, this was swiftly followed by confirmation that both Andy Robertson and Jordan Henderson, too, were suffering with fitness problems of their own. Captain @JHenderson has been released from the @England squad and returned to the club for further assessment. — Liverpool FC (@LFC) November 16, 2020 The woes of sides across the English top-flight, though, have not been restricted to the injury front. Amid a global pandemic, it has come as little surprise to see high-profile names begin to contract Covid-19 at an increased rate. Just yesterday, both Arsenal and Tottenham were hit by fresh cases, after Mohamed Elneny and Matt Doherty both returned positive tests whilst away with their respective national sides. Also amongst Monday’s most noteworthy fresh Covid cases was Uruguay and Atletico Madrid hitman Luis Suarez. In a post across the country’s social media platforms 24 hours ago, La Celeste announced that all of Suarez, Rodrigo Munoz and a member of coaching staff had picked up Covid-19. In turn, the trio have since departed Uruguay’s squad, to enter self isolation: Comunicado de la Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol – 16/11/2020 pic.twitter.com/IDbS7JZ7NF — AUF (@AUFOficial) November 16, 2020 As outlined above, however, concern remains when it comes to the wellbeing of a number of other members of Oscar Tabarez’s squad. One such individual is Edinson Cavani. As per a report from South American outlet Infobae, Manchester United are one of a host of sides to have been put on alert by Uruguay’s Covid outbreak. This comes with the aforementioned trio having been in close contact with a host of other players just hours prior to testing positive. Cavani himself, on Sunday, posted a video to social media, during which Uruguay’s squad could be seen enjoying a barbecue together, before Arsenal loanee Lucas Torreira later unveiled a group photo, with none of those involved having been donning masks. As such, Man United, among a number of other clubs, now face an anxious wait for a further update on the situation. Edinson Cavani | Concern as Manchester United player one of several in contact with positive Covid-19 cases.https://t.co/O2k44MOwJ6 #mufc — Sport Witness (@Sport_Witness) November 17, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.