Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has returned a positive test for Covid-19, it has been confirmed. Recent weeks have not proven at all kind to Premier League champions Liverpool. First, during the club’s Merseyside derby meeting with Everton last month, Virgil van Dijk picked up a knee injury, which is expected to see the Dutchman sidelined for the remainder of the campaign. Then, two weeks later, whilst filling in for the absent van Dijk, Fabinho hobbled off during the club’s Champions League clash vs Midtjylland, after suffering a hamstring problem. This was followed by Trent Alexander-Arnold adding to the ever-growing injury list at Anfield last weekend, when the English international picked up a calf problem, which looks set to see him miss around a month of action. And, incredibly, yet another defensive blow for Jurgen Klopp’s men was forthcoming this week when, after word surfaced that Joe Gomez had been forced out of England training, confirmation was swiftly forthcoming that the 23-year-old had been forced under the knife. Gomez, like central-defensive partner van Dijk, is now in line for an extended spell on the sidelines. .@J_Gomez97 has today undergone successful surgery to repair a tendon in his left knee. The issue was isolated to Gomez’s tendon, with no damage to any other associated knee ligaments and Joe will now begin a rehabilitation programme with our medical team — Liverpool FC (@LFC) November 12, 2020 And, as outlined above, in what is fast becoming a crisis on the red half of Merseyside, yet another concern on the personnel front has today been forthcoming. The latest key member of Jurgen Klopp’s squad to have been ruled out? Mohamed Salah. Unlike the aforementioned list of Liverpool stars, though, wide-man Salah has not picked up an injury. Instead, the 28-year-old has returned a positive test for Covid-19. The news was confirmed by the Egyptian FA a short time ago (Salah is currently away on international duty), and has since been backed by a host of reliable sources. The EFA have announced that Mohamed Salah had tested positive for coronavirus. pic.twitter.com/yZPx8sHAbH — DaveOCKOP (@DaveOCKOP) November 13, 2020 It now remains to be seen how long Salah will be out of action, with Liverpool’s next outing a crunch meeting with Premier League table-toppers Leicester City in just 8 days’ time. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.