United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) was created in 1950, during the aftermath of the Second World War, to help millions of Europeans who had fled or lost their homes. We had three years to complete our work and then disband. Today, over 65 years later, our organization is still hard at work, protecting and assisting refugees around the world. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Reference No.: 23165Location: Ogoja, Cross RiverHardship Level: DSalary Grade: G6Family Location Type: Family Organizational Setting and Work Relationships All UNHCR staff members are accountable to perform their duties as reflected in their job description. They do so within their delegated authorities, in line with the regulatory framework of UNHCR which includes the UN Charter, UN Staff Regulations and Rules, UNHCR Policies and Administrative Instructions as well as relevant accountability frameworks. In addition, staff members are required to discharge their responsibilities in a manner consistent with the core, functional, cross-functional and managerial competencies and UNHCR¿s core values of professionalism, integrity and respect for diversity. DutiesTechnical Guidance: Collaboration: Minimum QualificationsEducation & Professional Work Experience:Years of Experience / Degree Level Field(s) of Education: Certificates and/or Licenses: Relevant Job Experience:Essential: Desirable: Functional Skills: Language Requirements: This is a Standard Job Description for all UNHCR jobs with this job title and grade level. The Operational Context may contain additional essential and/or desirable qualifications relating to the specific operation and/or position. Any such requirements are incorporated by reference in this Job Description and will be considered for the screening, shortlisting and selection of candidates. Position CompetenciesCore Competencies: Managerial Competencies: Cross-Functional Competencies: Language Requirements: Additional Information: Application Closing Date23rd November, 2020. The post Shelter Associate at the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.