First Excelsia Professional Services Limited is a firm of highly versatile and renowned Human Resources, Organisational Development and Management consultants with a team of over a hundred employees spread across Nigeria. We have an in-depth understanding of the Nigerian business terrain and we are very passionate about partnering with indigenous organisations to develop glocalised HR solutions, processes and structures required to develop and effectively drive our clients’ corporate strategies. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Omole Phase 1, Lagos Description Duties & Responsibilities Application Closing Date19th July, 2021. The post Marketing Team Lead (Real Estate) at First Excelsia Professional Services Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. First Excelsia is a firm of highly versatile and renowned Human Resources, Organisational Development and Management consultants with a team of over a hundred employees spread across Nigeria. We have an in-depth understanding of the Nigerian business terrain and we are very passionate about partnering with indigenous organisations to develop glocalised HR… March 2, 2020 In "Gists" First Excelsia is a firm of highly versatile and renowned Human Resources, Organisational Development and Management consultants with a team of over a hundred employees spread across Nigeria. We have an in-depth understanding of the Nigerian business terrain and we are very passionate about partnering with indigenous organisations to develop… June 2, 2020 In "Jobs" FirstExcelsia is a firm of highly versatile and renowned Human Resources, Organisational Development and Management consultants with a team of over a hundred employees spread across Nigeria. We have an in-depth understanding of the Nigerian business terrain and we are very passionate about partnering with indigenous organisations to develop glocalised… February 21, 2019 In "Jobs"