Manchester United failed to bounce back from the defeat to Arsenal at Old Trafford. The north west club lost 2-1 in Turkey to Istanbul Basaksehir after multiple defensive howlers. United were frustrated by the Gunners but couldn’t break down Mikel Arteta’s resolute back line. However, it was the Red Devils’ own defence in question Wednesday night. Firstly, Demba Ba was found advantageously alone after a United attack broke down and Harry Maguire and Tuanzebe were absent. The former Newcastle and Chelsea striker ran through and slotted past Dean Henderson. United’s defence, specifically Luke Shaw, was found wondering as a ball across the United box found Visca completely isolated and able to smash in for the Turkish side’s second. Martial’s header before half-time brought hope but was not built upon as Ole Gunner Solskjaer’s side suffered their first UCL defeat of the season. The loss leaves United still top but level on points with RB Leipzig. With three games to go, if PSG can recover and have Kylian Mbappe and Neymar back after the international break, the group could go to the wire. Solskjaer was clearly irritated by the performance and possibly feeling the pressure. Rumours that the weekend’s game against Everton could be decisive for the Norwegian’s immediate future have already begun. The result in Turkey will only add to the pressure. “Not good enough, the full game,” Solskjaer remarked. “We started off in the first 10 minutes… we had some space and looked like we could find some decent openings but then we left ourselves wide open for two goals and that was disappointing.” “Good response and good goal after their second [goal] and in the second-half you think we can push on and create chances but we just couldn’t break them down.” Trying to explain the reasoning for the comedic opener, Solskjaer blamed it on a ‘lack of communication.’ “You play a short corner and everyone forgets the players we’re playing against. Demba Ba gets in behind us, lack of communication and lack of decisions.” “You don’t usually see those goals at this level, you shouldn’t concede easy goals like this, you know how hard it is to create chances and create goals. And when you give easy and soft goals [away] like the ones here today it makes it a lot harder.” “The performance wasn’t good enough. The first goal was unforgivable.” “It has set us back a lot.” Ole Gunnar Solskjaer admitted there were few positives to take from a disappointing night in Instanbul. @andymay pic.twitter.com/dXMDBc07Jy — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 4, 2020 United face Everton at 12:30pm on Saturday. See also: Jeremie Frimpong: Profile, Expert Analysis, Tactical Overview & Video Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.