Foden’s sole goal was enough to see Manchester City push aside Olympiacos and qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League. Sterling found the England international with a brilliant spatially aware backheel and the 20-year-old tucked away the chance comfortably. “Sterling is a great player in those areas and somehow he saw me, pulled the backheel off. It’s great to play for him, so thanks for the assist,” said Foden. “It feels really good to get the qualification done today, we’re looking forward to the next stage, but first of all, we need to finish off strong. I always love scoring for this club, I enjoy it a lot and I’m trying to score as many as possible.” Pep Guardiola’s side have struggled to score goals in the Premier League this season and Foden is making the Spaniard’s decision very difficult not to select him. “Raheem Sterling is a great player in those areas and somehow he’s seen me.” “We did well to dig in at the end and get a result.” Match winner Phil Foden reflects on another Man City win in the Champions League… @andymay pic.twitter.com/00oVjr4nku — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 25, 2020 Pep Guardiola took the opportunity after the night’s victory to speak about Diego Maradona’s passing which was confirmed by Argentinian media this evening. “First, I think about Sergio. His son, Diego was his grandfather,” said the former Barcelona midfielder where Maradona also played. “There was a banner in Argentina which says, “It doesn’t matter what you have done in your life, it matters what you have done in our lives.” Imagine what Maradona would have done in our generation of football.” “There are few incredible players in our history, he’s one of them. He was someone who made this sport better. On behalf on Manchester City a big hug for all his family.” “What he has done in the world of football is incredible.” “It’s difficult to find a person or player who loved this game more than him. In all senses.” Pep Guardiola pays tribute to the late Diego Maradona @andymay pic.twitter.com/avBTgOJwY1 — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 25, 2020 Tributes have continued to come in for the Argentina legend from across the footballing world and will likely continue into the coming days. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.