The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has concluded that the Federal Government does not see education as worth giving priority attention, hence the impasse in the negotiations for government to meet the lecturers’ demands. The National Chairman of ASUU, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi said this, Monday, on Channels TV, where he also pointed out that the government was always focusing on the salary aspect of their demands, forgetting the protracted issues of funding, autonomy, and conducive environments for learning and working. Ogunyemi asked: “Do we still have public primary schools? Do we still have public secondary schools? Let us acknowledge what ASUU has brought to the system. “But for ASUU, public universities would have collapsed totally. The government does take education as a priority. “We have schools without seats, we have laboratories without equipment and some use kerosene stoves as Bunsen burners. “We need our universities to grow this country; we need our universities to innovate and develop this country. “So funding the university system is not a waste, but an investment.” Asked about the fate of students who have been home for over eight months, Ogunyemi said: “Each time people talk about this problem (strikes) as being there for long, they don’t also appreciate the solutions we have brought to the system. “We have kept the system going. But for ASUU interventions, we would no longer have public universities today. “Parents and students should understand that we want to bring the universities to the level where they would be proud of their certificates.” VANGUARD The post Education not FG’s priority— ASUU appeared first on Vanguard News. Original Article The Federal Government will meet with the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) on Monday December 10, 2018 over the ongoing nationwide strike. Dr. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, made this known in a statement signed by Mr. Samuel Olowookere, the Director of Press in the ministry,… December 7, 2018 In "News" <p class="">The Federal Government has reportedly reached an agreement with the leaders of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) in a meeting between both parties in Abuja on Monday, January 7, 2019.</p> <p class="">Speaking to journalists after the meeting, ASUU National President, <strong>Prof Biodun Ogunyemi </strong>said union's National Executive… January 8, 2019 In "News" ASUU National President, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi Nigeria’s tertiary education system is synonymous with crisis and the Federal Government is accused of doing little to change the dynamics. Head, Education Desk, Iyabo Lawal, writes that if the ongoing face-off over the N23billion earned allowance disbursement is not quickly resolved, university students… December 7, 2017 In "News"