Chelsea talent Jude Soonsup-Bell has taken centre stage on social media this evening, on the back of a dazzling performance for the club’s U18s. The Blues welcomed Barnsley to London a short time ago, for an FA Youth Cup clash. Ed Brand’s men headed into proceedings amid an altogether mixed spell of form of late. An 8-1 drubbing of Leicester three weeks ago was followed by a disappointing defeat to Aston Villa last time out, a result which left Chelsea sitting 6th in the U18 Premier League South table. When all was said and done this afternoon, though, the capital outfit bounced back, and in some style. Bizarrely, Brand’s outfit racked up the same scoreline as that from their last victory, downing Barnsley by 8 goals to 1. Even more remarkable was the fact that attacker Jude Soonsup-Bell, who netted 4 times versus Leicester, bagged another quartet of goals today. This included a moment of genuine magic to round out his poker, as the English starlet danced along the endline, before cutting back into the box, and back-heeling home a sumptuous finish. Highlights of Chelsea’s scintillating performance, which also saw the likes of Ben Elliott and Lewis Bate net wonderful individual efforts, can be seen below: An 8-1 win filled with some very, very special goals! What a performance, #CFCU18!  pic.twitter.com/kbZ574ojrh — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 28, 2020 Unsurprisingly, in the aftermath of the Blues’ latest win, it has been the name of Man of the Match Soonsup-Bell which has taken centre stage in the post-match chatter. The striker is continuing to prove himself as one of the most gifted young talents on Chelsea’s books, taking his season tally to 15 goals this afternoon. Making this even more remarkable is the fact that Soonsup-Bell is actually just 16 years of age. His haul in front of goal versus Barnsley, meanwhile, also saw the teenage prodigy etch his name into the history books in southwest London: Soonsup-Bell becomes the first player to score four in the FA Youth Cup for Chelsea in 59 years. Well played, Jude! #CFCU18 pic.twitter.com/dZlrK4ADpN — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 28, 2020 Great 8-1 win in FAYC, happy to grab four goals for the first time in 59 years!  #cfc https://t.co/zH8arriiKk — Jude Soonsup-Bell (@JudeSoonsupBell) November 28, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.