Eden Hazard’s Real Madrid woes have this evening continued to mount, after the Belgian was forced off during the capital giants’ meeting with Alaves. Zinedine Zidane’s men returned to domestic action this evening, in a meeting with the Basque outfit. Real headed into proceedings with their tails up, having secured a much-needed Champions League victory over Inter Milan during the week. This brought to an end a short winless streak on the part of Los Merengues, which had seen them first downed by 4 goals to 1 at Valencia, before stuttering to a 1-1 stalemate with Villarreal. To say that their attempts to get back to winning ways in La Liga tonight have not gone according to plan, though, would be putting it lightly. Incredibly, as things stand, Alaves lead by 2 goals to nil at the Bernabeu. Former Arsenal attacker Lucas Perez opened the scoring from the spot with just 5 minutes on the clock, after Nacho was adjudged to have handled the ball in the hosts’ box. A Thibaut Courtois howler early in the 2nd-half, meanwhile, handed Joselu the chance to make it two, with the Spaniard having dully obliged with the simplest of finishes: Courtois with a howler! Joselu takes full advantage to double Alaves’ lead over Real Madrid pic.twitter.com/GzG11TMwRt — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) November 28, 2020 As outlined above, though, Real’s concerns this evening stem far beyond the current scoreline in Madrid. With less than half an hour on the clock, Eden Hazard – who has of course endured a horrific stretch of luck on the injury front since joining Los Blancos – pulled up with a fresh problem. Replays appeared to suggest that the Belgian’s latest injury may have been picked up following a heavy challenge in the 17th minute, during which Hazard appeared to twist his right ankle in the turf. It now remains to be seen how serious the issue is, as the former Chelsea standout’s nightmare stint in the Spanish capital takes another turn for the worse. Eden Hazard is substituted before half time! It looks like another potential injury for the Belgian  pic.twitter.com/XWqkRQq8hn — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) November 28, 2020 28′ | 0-1 | @realmadriden substitution: @RodrygoGoes ↔️ @hazardeden10 #HalaMadrid | #RMLiga pic.twitter.com/9WTrt5VcN6 — Real Madrid C.F.  (@realmadriden) November 28, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.