Jurgen Klopp, indirectly, appeared to hint that Thiago Alcantara will play no part in Liverpool’s clash with Brighton & Hove Albion this weekend. The Reds are set to return to Premier League action tomorrow afternoon, in a meeting with Graham Potter’s Seagulls. Liverpool will of course head into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, having seen the club’s superb recent spell of form brought to a firm end on Wednesday night. A Champions League meeting with Serie A outfit Atalanta eventually saw the hosts downed by 2 goals to nil at Anfield. Atalanta are the first team to beat Liverpool at Anfield in 90 minutes since Chelsea in September 2018. The result is Liverpool’s first loss in the Champions League group stage in over six years  pic.twitter.com/uCmvTA6Fq7 — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 25, 2020 The Merseysiders’ first home defeat across 90 minutes for over two years came with Jurgen Klopp once again forced to heavily rotate his side, amid an injury crisis at Anfield. All of Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Thiago Alcantara and Jordan Henderson missed out on Wednesday, with the likes of Fabinho and Andy Robertson having been introduced off the bench on the back of recent fitness problems of their own. As such, speaking during a press conference ahead of his side’s return to matters on the domestic front this weekend, Jurgen Klopp was inevitably asked for a fitness update on his squad. Defensive trio Alexander-Arnold, van Dijk and Gomez, the latter pair of whom will likely spend the remainder of the season on the sidelines, as expected, will play no part versus Brighton. The news on midfield duo Henderson and Thiago, though, proved more mixed. Klopp was asked directly about the status of the pair ahead of Liverpool’s trip to the Amex, with the German tactician having confirmed that captain Henderson has returned to training, and could therefore be in line to return. Significantly, however, Klopp opted to ignore questions over Thiago’s fitness, failing to provide a definitive update on the Spaniard. In turn, the general assumption is that Thiago is set to miss his 9th-straight outing this weekend. For those asking, Jurgen Klopp was asked about the fitness of Jordan Henderson and Thiago during his pre-Brighton press conference but only provided an update on Henderson. https://t.co/cH8Ckw0u8V — Anfield Watch (@AnfieldWatch) November 27, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.