Footage of Algeria’s 2nd goal from the country’s meeting with Zimbabwe has taken social media by storm on Monday. Les Fennecs returned to AFCON qualifying action earlier today. Djamel Belmadi’s men made the trip to Harare, with hopes of further extending their lead atop the Group H table. Algeria had romped to a trio of consecutive victories before Monday’s clash, building a +8 goal difference along the way. When all was said and done in Zimbabwe, however, the north African outfit were forced to settle for a share of the spoils, after throwing away a 2- goal advantage. Andy Delort opened the scoring for Algeria with a little over half an hour gone, before star man Riyad Mahrez doubled the visitors’ lead less than 5 minutes later. Zimbabwe, though, soon fought back in impressive fashion. First, Knowledge Musona pulled one back for the Warriors on the stroke of the interval. And this was followed by an all-important equaliser with 82 minutes on the clock, as Prince Dube secured a point for the hosts, in the process keeping the country’s qualification hopes very much alive. As outlined above, however, it is not Zimbabwe’s impressive comeback, nor Algeria’s surprise collapse which have since grabbed the headlines in the aftermath of Monday’s clash. Instead, it has been the 2nd goal notched by the visitors, courtesy of Riyad Mahrez. The strike came about after the Manchester City wide-man was set free down the right courtesy of a raking cross-field ball from West Ham’s Said Benrahma. Mahrez’s first touch proved even more sumptuous than the pass itself, as the former Leicester standout drove into the Zimbabwe box with almost nonchalant effortlessness. And things only got better from here. Mahrez went on to turn his closest defender inside out not once, but twice, before rifling a right-footed effort home to cap off a wonderful showcase of skill, poise and technical ability. Riyad Mahrez’s goal for Algeria today ( via @CAF_Online) pic.twitter.com/gHHqe2mS1v — B/R Football (@brfootball) November 16, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.