Dele Alli has not played a game for Spurs since the 1-0 loss to Antwerp in the Europa League in which he was taken off at half time. In the league, his last showing was in the 6-1 defeat of Manchester United, playing 21 minutes in a cameo appearance. The subsequent four Premier League games have seen Alli not even included in the squad. Jose Mourinho has said that this is down to the depth in the side and he isn’t able to select Alli with the attacking talent at his disposal. Mourinho explained why he had snubbed Alli for the demolishing of Southampton. “No, we have a huge squad,” he said. “We have a squad with huge numbers that is very difficult to manage. It’s not easy to be here with 18 players and to have ten in the training ground. Too many players.” “On the bench I still have Sissoko, Lamela and Bergwijn. We have too many players for different positions.” David Ornstein of The Athletic shed some light on Alli’s situation as to why he has found it difficult to move on. Speaking on the ‘Ask Ornstein’ show he said, “PSG had a number of loan approaches knocked back by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy, who really likes Dele and wants him to stay.” “I think they all agreed that they’d try to make this work out, but it hasn’t and isn’t working out. There’s been no bust up or fall out, but it feels like he doesn’t suit Jose Mourinho’s structure.” As to where Alli could go, PSG represent an opportunity to continue playing at the highest level and in Europe. Thomas Tuchel could do with offensive reinforcement. However, if Alli has aspirations of making the England squad for the European Championships in 2021, remaining in the Premier League may offer a more likely route. “It leads me to feel that Dele Alli will want to move in January, it’s just about whether or not it’s on loan or permanent,” Ornstein added. “If it’s a club at Tottenham’s level or lower, you probably think it will be permanent, because if you went there on loan and it didn’t work out well, there’s possibly no way back. But if it was a so-called bigger club like a PSG then a loan would be suitable.” Spurs play Manchester City at the weekend before hosting Ludogorets in the Europa League. The likelihood is that Alli could feature in the midweek fixture. <iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7JxBdeXrtHo?start=354&amp;feature=oembed" frameborder="0"></iframe> Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.