The week of November 9th – 15th saw some truly spectacular goals scored around the world. Here at 101, we are dedicated to showing you only the best of the best, and have managed to whittle down the latest batch of world-class finishes to a list of five. Let us know who you think scored the best goal of the week on Twitter and Facebook. Italy played host to Estonia on Wednesday evening. The tie held little importance in terms of result, with it little more than a friendly outing. However, Roberto Mancini and co. were nevertheless no doubt eager to start their latest run of fixtures with a win, ahead of a pair of much tougher Nations League tests later in the week. And, when all was said and done, a comfortable win is exactly what the Azzurri managed. There were a number of impressive goals on the day, but Vincenzo Grifo’s first of the clash 14 minutes in proved the pick of the bunch: What a hit from Grifo! Lasanga lays the ball off for him and it’s a thunderous hit that put Italy ahead! Follow all of tonight’s international friendlies here: https://t.co/Oy5pyfqzlH pic.twitter.com/YbYX0wg12u — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 11, 2020 Hungary faced Iceland on Thursday evening, in a Euro 2020 play-off clash. The winner, of course, was guaranteed a place at next summer’s European Championships. And when Everton’s Gylfi Sigurdsson fired Iceland into the lead with just 11 minutes on the clock, things didn’t look great for Hungary. However, late drama eventually saw Marco Rossi’s side come from behind to clinch a historic win. First, Loic Nego drew Hungary level 88 minutes in. Then, with the clash looking set to head to extra time, Dominik Szoboszlai, heavily linked with Arsenal of late, picked up the ball inside his own half, before driving on to net a fantastic solo effort in the 92nd minute: Introducing Hungary’s 20-year-old superstar The next big thing in Euro football? Learn how to say the name: Dominik Szoboszlai #OptusSport #EURO2020 #UCL pic.twitter.com/h4WAAC90iI — Optus Sport (@OptusSport) November 13, 2020 Switzerland hosted Spain on Saturday evening, in a Nations League clash. The tie held little significance for the Swiss, as they started the day sitting dead bottom of the Group D table, with just two points. Spain, on the other hand, headed into the clash top of the group. Luis Enrique’s side, though, were no doubt well aware that Germany were hot on their heels, and likely to down Ukraine. As such, it came as a major source of concern for the Spaniards when Remo Freuler netted a spectacular opener 26 minutes in. Borussia Monchengladbach’s Breel Embolo burst down the right flank before whipping a lovely ball across to Freuler, who struck his effort sweetly, leaving Unai Simon with no chance: Switzerland lead Spain! Embolo drives down the right flank before neatly cutting the ball back to Freuler, who finishes superbly to give the hosts an early advantage. Follow live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/gR3ZMryRkE — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 Valencia’s Women’s team faced off with Real Betis last week. Los Che headed into the clash as favourites, on the back of a decent start to the season. Betis, on the other hand, had won just one of their previous six league outings before facing off with Valencia. As such, it came as something of a surprise when, following the 90 minutes, it was the hosts who emerged with all 3 points. Despite their defeat, though, Valencia’s fans, when looking back, will likely remember the clash fondly, thanks to Florencia Bonsegundo’s sensational 7th-minute effort: #SuperSemanaEnGol ¡! ¡! ¡! Flor Bonsegundo para adelantar al @VCF_Femenino ¡RT y que todo el mundo lo vea! pic.twitter.com/wah0mkSVkb — GOL (@Gol) November 11, 2020 101’s top goal of the week is a somewhat bizarre one, and highlights one of the positive sides of international football. Albania and Kazakhstan went head-to-head on Sunday, in the two sides’ penultimate Nations League clash of the year. The clash held little importance to Kazakhstan, who started the day bottom of their group, and out of reach of top spot. 2nd-placed Albania, on the other hand, required a win to keep their qualification hopes alive ahead of the country’s final day meeting with table-topping Belarus. And when all was said and done, a victory was exactly what Albania managed, as the hosts put three past Michal Bílek’s side. It was Kazakhstan, though, who netted the standout goal of the clash. 24 minutes in, Aybol Abiken somehow managed to lob Albania’s goalkeeper with a stunning long-range strike just seconds after kicking off: Kazakhstan’s Aybol Abiken scores an incredible goal from the kick-off against Albania in the Nations League surprising their opponents and the commentator! pic.twitter.com/bclkk9TxRh — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 16, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.