Inter Milan’s vital game against Real Madrid was marred by the chaos of Arturo Vidal and Anthony Taylor. The Chilean was sent off with back-to-back yellow cards in the space of seconds. Vidal charged into the Madrid box, Luka Modric handling the midfielder but the incoming Raphael Varane managed to tap the ball away from the 33-year-old. Incensed, Vidal was sure he had earned him and his side a penalty which could have enabled Antonio Conte’s side the chance to equalise after an Eden Hazard penalty had given the Spanish favourites the lead. Vidal strode up to English referee Anthony Taylor who had brandished Arsenal’s Nicolas Pepe a straight red card just days earlier. Vidal’s forceful remonstrations with Taylor led to a yellow card being brandished for decent. However, instead of calming down, the Chilean appeared to barge into the official almost coming chin to chin and Taylor had no choice but to send off Vidal. It took several times more time for Vidal to vacate the pitch than it did between his two yellow cards but eventually accepted his fate. Made worse by the fact VAR found no need for Taylor to consult the video feed to check the possible penalty call. Arturo Vidal has completely lost it here! A double yellow card for getting right up in Anthony Taylor’s face Inter have a mountain to climb now… pic.twitter.com/ngz4NXlNds — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 25, 2020 Dominik Szoboszlai has become known for scoring memorable rockets from long-range however the Hungarian was embarrassed to miss a one-on-one chance with Manuel Neuer. Played into open space, Szoboszlai approached the Bayern goal and then fired far and high over the bar and was left with his head in his hands. This is not what we’ve come to expect from screamer specialist Dominik Szoboszlai  pic.twitter.com/TJ8LLWy89X — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 25, 2020 Szoboszlai has been heavily linked with a possible move to Arsenal in the January transfer window. 101 have profiled the 20-year-old breaking down the Hungarian’s key attributes in addition to getting expert insight on the midfielder. If you would like to learn more about the Hungarian then click here. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.