TG Marchnata (TGM Education) is a leading International Education Agency in Nigeria with over 22years of professional student placement and visa counseling service experience representing and placing students into A-Level, Foundation, Undergraduate, Postgraduate and PHD degree Programs at top and world-ranked institutions around the world mainly in the United Kingdom, United States of America, Canada, Ireland, Singapore, Malaysia and the United Arab Emirates. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Ikeja, Lagos Description Responsibilities Requirements Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Content Developer / Video Presenter at TG Marchnata (TGM Education) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. United Kingdom Education Advisory Services (UKEAS) is an education consultancy which provides free, impartial counselling and application services for international students wishing to study at high schools, colleges and universities in the United Kingdom. The business was founded in Taiwan in 1993, and since then has helped thousands of students to study… January 31, 2020 In "Gists" Navitas is a leading global education provider that has helped generations of learners transform their lives through education. We create life-changing opportunities to learn by delivering an extensive range of educational services to over 70,000 aspirational students across our global network each year. We are recruiting to fill the position… February 7, 2020 In "Gists" (A). eHealth4everyone eHealth4everyone is a leading digital health social enterprise dedicated to making the world healthier. We are a new kind of mission-driven organization with services, expertise and products focused on making the business of healthcare delivery work for everyone, through technology-enabled optimizations. 1. Linux System Administrator Click Here to Read… July 11, 2019 In "Jobs"