Hungary faced Iceland on Thursday evening in a Euro 2020 play-off clash. The winner would, of course, book their place at next summer’s Euros. And when Everton’s Gylfi Sigurdsson fired Iceland into the lead with just 11 minutes on the clock, things didn’t look great for Hungary. However, late drama would eventually see Marco Rossi’s side come from behind to clinch a huge win. First, Loic Nego drew Hungary level 88 minutes in. Then, with the tie looking set to go to extra time, Dominik Szoboszlai would pick up the ball inside his own half before scoring a fantastic strike in the 92nd minute. Szoboszlai coming of age This season: 2 #UCL goals & the winner for Hungary in their play-off final pic.twitter.com/53YesE2FIJ — UEFA EURO 2020 (@EURO2020) November 12, 2020 Following his late winner, Szoboszlai has gained quite a lot of attention from Arsenal fans. The reason for this being that the RB Salzburg standout has been linked with a move to the Emirates in recent days. And following his latest showing, Arsenal fans have taken to social media in their droves to urge their club to sign the 20-year-old. Just a sample of said tweets are showcased below: I need Szoboszlai at Arsenal man!!! — Me (@_TN95) November 12, 2020 Dominik Szoboszlai scored the winning goal at the death to clinch Hungary’s qualification to the EUROS..@Arsenal Hope you are watching?!!! pic.twitter.com/3R2IuFH90G — Franklin Wuseh (@franklin_wuseh) November 12, 2020 Szoboszlai is the real deal @Arsenal you know what to do — Sean Peaty (@seanpeaty) November 12, 2020 Dominick Szoboszlai is an absolute baller! @Arsenal sign him up!! — Dee Vallabhbhai (@DeemalV) November 12, 2020 Go and pay all the money @Arsenal for Szoboszlai — Pavlos. (@ThePaulHabib96) November 12, 2020 For a more in-depth look into Szoboszlai, check out the following player profile put together by one of our writers: Dominik Szoboszlai: Profile, Expert Analysis, Tactical Overview & Video Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.