Chelsea welcomed Sheffield United to Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening for a Premier League clash. The Blues headed into the tie in fine form, both domestically and in Europe. United, on the other hand, were yet to pick up a single win in the Premier League this season. As such, it came as little surprise when the southwest London showdown played out true to form. The visitors actually took the lead in the clash with nine minutes gone, via David McGoldrick. However, an inspired display from Chelsea’s summer recruits, in particular Hakim Ziyech, saw the Blues eventually come away with a dominant 4-1 win. Check out the highlights below: Though it was Ziyech who grabbed the majority of the headlines in the aftermath of Saturday’s matchup, several of Chelsea’s other summer signings also thoroughly impressed. One such player whose display may have gone under the radar somewhat was Thiago Silva. The veteran stopper has played a key role in transforming Chelsea’s previously shaky backline into one of the most solid in the Premier League. And, speaking after his side’s latest win, Frank Lampard was keen to heap praise on Silva: “I knew the player that he was when he came here because of the career he had. “He played in the Champions League final a few weeks before coming here, but his level of performance since he’s been here, without much of a pre-season, the influence, individual performance, the way he is between games, he attacks training so diligently. “He looks at opposition when we are having meetings, he wants to know. So I have a lot of conversations with him. He has been brilliant, I can’t say enough about him. Then he gets the goal today, a very good goal. He has made a big impact. “I am very open to make sure we give him the best rest in between and make things easy for him. He looks fit, he is fit, he’s fresh and he is helping and rubbing off on others around him. Long may that continue.” Quotes via Goal. See also: First photos of Chelsea’s blue and yellow 2021-22 home kit leaked Chelsea 4-1 Sheffield United: Magical Ziyech inspires as Blues summer signings continue to make the difference Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. A pair of interesting takeaways from Chelsea’s win over Sheffield United have been forthcoming online this evening. Blues cruise Frank Lampard’s men welcomed the Blades to Stamford Bridge earlier today, for a Premier League clash. Chelsea headed into proceedings with their tails up, on the back of a much-improved spell… November 8, 2020 In "Sports" Chelsea’s victory over Sheffield United this evening saw the club’s summer signings, and Hakim Ziyech in particular, thoroughly impress once more. Blues run riot Frank Lampard’s men welcomed the Blades to Stamford Bridge a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. Chelsea no doubt headed into proceedings brimming… November 8, 2020 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has moved to dismiss the suggestion that the imminent reinforcements to his squad have served as a distraction, after the Blues were dealt an alarming defeat by Sheffield United this past weekend. Chelsea in disarray Lampard’s men made the trip to Bramall Lane on Saturday evening,… July 13, 2020 In "Sports"