Speculation stemming from the English media on Monday suggests that Graham Potter’s explanation for Neal Maupay’s omission from Brighton’s squad to take on Tottenham may not have been entirely accurate. Potter’s men made the trip to north London on Sunday night, for a meeting with Spurs. The visitors headed into proceedings in search of a much-needed (albeit unlikely) 3 points, on the back of just a solitary Premier League victory across 6 attempts. This disappointing opening to the season saw the Seagulls languishing in 16th ahead of kick-off, just 2 points above the English top-flight’s drop zone. When all was said and done at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, however, Brighton’s woes only deepened. An entertaining affair in the capital eventually saw the two sides separated by a solitary goal following the full-time whistle. After Tariq Lamptey cancelled out Harry Kane’s first-half penalty, Gareth Bale went on to net his first league goal since returning to Spurs with a little over a quarter of an hour remaining, guiding Mourinho’s men up to 2nd in the Premier League table in the process. As outlined above, though, whilst proceedings on the pitch continue to look far from rosy from a Brighton perspective, if the latest word stemming from the media is to be believed, then ongoings away from the pitch could be going a lot better for the Seagulls, too. One surprise absence from Graham Potter’s squad which made the trip to north London last night came in the form of Neal Maupay. The French hitman is Brighton’s top-scorer to this point in the campaign, with four goals. As such, speaking in the aftermath of his side’s defeat on Sunday, Potter was inevitably drawn on Maupay’s whereabouts. The Seagulls boss, at the time, cited ‘tactical’ reasons, with eyebrows, understandably, having quickly been raised. Potter on no Ryan or Maupay.“Just both tactical decisions.” #BHAFC — Andy Naylor (@AndyNaylorBHAFC) November 1, 2020 Further reports this evening, though, suggest that the Brighton star was in fact left out for an altogether different reason. Both the Telegraph and Daily Mail instead claim that Maupay’s attitude has come under major scrutiny of late. The former suggest that the 24-year-old has become ‘carried away with his own success’, claims backed by the Mail’s Sami Mokbel, who reports that Graham Potter has become concerned with his centre-forward’s ‘inflated ego’: ‘The decision was taken with view to showing Maupay that no one player is more important than the team.’ It is added that Maupay was involved in a heated exchange with a Brighton teammate during the week, another key factor in Potter’s decision to drop the Frenchman. It now remains to be seen whether he will be reintegrated into the first-team setup of the Amex outfit for their next outing, at home to Burnley on Friday night. Brighton striker Neal Maupay dropped against Tottenham to bring him back down to earth @Matt_Law_DT https://t.co/AHsBA9Spom — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) November 2, 2020 EXCLUSIVE: Neal Maupay was axed from Brighton squad to face Tottenham because of concerns over his inflated ego | @SamiMokbel81_DM https://t.co/7GrctvCArY — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) November 2, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.