Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech this evening carried forward his scintillating spell of form, to guide his country to their latest win. Ziyech’s Morocco made the trip to the Stade de la Réunification a short time ago, for their latest African Nations qualifier. Just 3 days after facing off with the Central African Republic, the Atlas Lions took on the CAF once again, aiming to move one step closer to booking their spot at the 2022 AFCON. And, when all was said and done, this is precisely what Morocco managed. Vahid Halilhodžić’s men took the lead 5 minutes before the interval, with the identity of the goalscorer having come as little surprise. Hakim Ziyech was the man on target, sending the favourites to bag all 3 points into the break a goal in front. The Central African Republic, to their credit, continued to battle hard, and kept hopes of an equaliser alive until the dying moments of the clash. With 91 minutes on the clock, though, Morocco’s superior quality once again proved telling, as a Ziyech free-kick whipped in from the right was directed home by Youssef En-Nesyri. Morocco now sit 5 points clear of Mauritania atop the Group E table, with the country’s spot at the 2022 AFCON all but assured. On the back of the Atlas Lions’ latest win, meanwhile, the post-match focus, much like it did over the weekend, has once again centered on match-winner Hakim Ziyech. The Chelsea attacker has carried his scintillating spell of recent form at club level onto the international stage, and played a direct role in 3 of his side’s 4 goals en route to a dominant victory late last week. A further goal and assist, as outlined above, followed tonight, giving rise to a remarkable statistic. Across his last 5 appearances for club and country, Ziyech has now managed to play a direct role in a hefty 10 goals: Hakim Ziyech with another goal and assist for Morocco today. He now has 10 goal contributions in his last 5 appearances for club and country. One of the most in form players in Europe currently, no doubt. pic.twitter.com/9UuuDnApey — LDN (@LDNFootbalI) November 17, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.