Chelsea have this evening been dealt a potential blow on the injury front, after Ben Chilwell was forced off during the first-half of England’s meeting with Belgium. The Three Lions are currently locked in action with Roberto Martinez’s Belgium, in their penultimate Nations League fixture. The clash marks an integral one when it comes to the country’s hopes of qualification, with England having headed into proceedings sitting 3rd in the Group B table, behind both their hosts this evening, and Denmark. And, as things stand in Leuven, things are not going at all to plan for Gareth Southgate and co. Early in the 2nd-half, the visitors trail by 2 goals to nil. Youri Tielemans opened the game’s scoring with 10 minutes on the clock, rifling home from the edge of the area with the help of a considerable deflection. And Belgium went on to double their lead less than 15 minutes later, as Dries Mertens stepped up to bend a sumptuous dipping free-kick beyond the clutches of the despairing Jordan Pickford: Majestic from Mertens A brilliant free-kick is sent flying past Jordan Pickford and puts Belgium 2-0 ahead against England. Follow updates: https://t.co/v7chKOwnBV Watch on Sky Sports PL pic.twitter.com/RN8ejIoqfC — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 15, 2020 Elsewhere, Denmark currently lead Iceland by a goal to nil. As such, as things stand, England’s Nations League ambitions hang by a thread. The woes of the Three Lions at the King Power Stadion At Den Dreef thus far, though, have not been confined to just the scoreline. Elsewhere, one of the nation’s key performers was forced off with an injury problem. The player in question? Ben Chilwell. With 37 minutes on the clock, left-back Chilwell went to ground holding his back, in evident pain. After being tended to by the visitors’ medical team, it was eventually decided that the 23-year-old was not fit to continue, as Chilwell limped off to be replaced by Bukayo Saka. The #ThreeLions are forced into a change as @BenChilwell picks up an injury.@BukayoSaka87 replaces him. pic.twitter.com/0LRtoDP0hX — England (@England) November 15, 2020 This will of course come as a major source of concern for Chelsea, with summer arrival Chilwell having proven central to the club’s recent upturn in form. Frank Lampard’s men are set to return to action next Saturday, with a trip to St. James’ Park for a Premier League meeting with Newcastle. Ben Chilwell backs Chelsea to win ‘a lot of silverware’ in coming years Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante believes it is a pleasure to play with Man United’s Paul Pogba Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.