The International Rescue Committee (IRC) is a global humanitarian aid, relief and development nongovernmental organization. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC offers emergency aid and long-term assistance to refugees and those displaced by war, persecution or natural disaster. The IRC is currently working in over 40 countries and 22 U.S. cities where it resettles refugees and helps them become self-sufficient. Composed of first responders, humanitarian relief workers, international development experts, health care providers, and educators, the IRC has assisted millions of people around the world since its founding in 1933. Sector: Health Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Maiduguri, Nigeria Job Description The International Rescue Committee responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, IRC offers life-saving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in more than 40 countries and in 22 U.S. cities, IRC restores safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted by conflict or disaster. IRC leads the way from harm to home. CONTEXTUAL BACKGROUND. The IRC has been present in Nigeria since 2012 when the organization responded to flooding in Kogi state. In February 2014 the IRC moved into Adamawa State in NE Nigeria to provide humanitarian interventions through a multi-sectoral, integrated approach for conflict affected populations. IRC Nigeria now operates a country office in Abuja and field offices in Mubi and Yola of Adamawa State, Maiduguri and Monguno of Borno state and Damatru of Yobe State. Currently, IRC Nigeria implements programs primary health care, nutrition, environmental health, women’s protection and empowerment, protection, child protection, education, food security & livelihoods. Job Overview/Summary Under the supervision of Nutrition Manager, the Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will be responsible for all HeRoN project in his/her Local Government Area and is expected to ensure integrity, high level transparency and commitment in the implementation of the project. He or she is responsible for overseeing all nutrition activities for IRC supported OTPs in assigned LGA in Borno state. The Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will oversee and supervise supported SMOH OTPs staff/CHVs and reports to the Nutrition Manager. Major Responsibilities Program Management, Technical Quality, and Strategy Nutrition program management: Key Deliverables Program Development / Grant Management Staff Performance Management, Learning & Development: Required for all positions with supervisory responsibility, if special considerations are needed (e.g. remote management), make this additive to the base language here. Research, Learning and Analysis Coordination & Representation Key Working Relationships Position Reports to: Nutrition Manager Indirect/Technical Reporting: Nutrition Coordinator, Stabilization centers manager, Health coordinator, Senior Health Manager and Senior RH Manager Position directly Supervises: Nutrition assistants, Nutrition registrars and CHVs Key Internal Contacts: Country Program: SPC, Deputy Director Program, Finance Manager, Supply chain Manager, Senior Area Manager, DDFM Region/Global: Key External Contacts: INGO Partner Qualifications Education: Work Experience: Demonstrated Technical Skills: Demonstrated Managerial/Leadership Competencies: Languages: English Computer/Other Tech Requirements: Full professional competency in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Add position-specific (e.g. accounting software, statistical software, etc.). Ability to Travel: 30 % of time if applicable Standards of Professional Conduct; The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in the IRC Way – Code of Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Harassment-Free Workplace, Fiscal Integrity, Anti-Retaliation, Combating Trafficking in Persons and several others. Gender Equality: IRC is committed to narrowing the gender gap in leadership positions. We offer benefits that provide an enabling environment for women to participate in our workforce including parental leave, gender-sensitive security protocols and other supportive benefits and allowances. Working Environment IRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. IRC considers all applicants on the basis of merit without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law Sector: Health Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Maiduguri, Nigeria Job Description The International Rescue Committee responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, IRC offers life-saving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in more than 40 countries and in 22 U.S. cities, IRC restores safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted by conflict or disaster. IRC leads the way from harm to home. CONTEXTUAL BACKGROUND. The IRC has been present in Nigeria since 2012 when the organization responded to flooding in Kogi state. In February 2014 the IRC moved into Adamawa State in NE Nigeria to provide humanitarian interventions through a multi-sectoral, integrated approach for conflict affected populations. IRC Nigeria now operates a country office in Abuja and field offices in Mubi and Yola of Adamawa State, Maiduguri and Monguno of Borno state and Damatru of Yobe State. Currently, IRC Nigeria implements programs primary health care, nutrition, environmental health, women’s protection and empowerment, protection, child protection, education, food security & livelihoods. Job Overview/Summary Under the supervision of Nutrition Manager, the Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will be responsible for all HeRoN project in his/her Local Government Area and is expected to ensure integrity, high level transparency and commitment in the implementation of the project. He or she is responsible for overseeing all nutrition activities for IRC supported OTPs in assigned LGA in Borno state. The Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will oversee and supervise supported SMOH OTPs staff/CHVs and reports to the Nutrition Manager. Major Responsibilities Program Management, Technical Quality, and Strategy Nutrition program management: Key Deliverables Program Development / Grant Management Staff Performance Management, Learning & Development: Required for all positions with supervisory responsibility, if special considerations are needed (e.g. remote management), make this additive to the base language here. Research, Learning and Analysis Coordination & Representation Key Working Relationships Position Reports to: Nutrition Manager Indirect/Technical Reporting: Nutrition Coordinator, Stabilization centers manager, Health coordinator, Senior Health Manager and Senior RH Manager Position directly Supervises: Nutrition assistants, Nutrition registrars and CHVs Key Internal Contacts: Country Program: SPC, Deputy Director Program, Finance Manager, Supply chain Manager, Senior Area Manager, DDFM Region/Global: Key External Contacts: INGO Partner Qualifications Education: Work Experience: Demonstrated Technical Skills: Demonstrated Managerial/Leadership Competencies: Languages: English Computer/Other Tech Requirements: Full professional competency in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Add position-specific (e.g. accounting software, statistical software, etc.). Ability to Travel: 30 % of time if applicable Standards of Professional Conduct; The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in the IRC Way – Code of Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Harassment-Free Workplace, Fiscal Integrity, Anti-Retaliation, Combating Trafficking in Persons and several others. Gender Equality: IRC is committed to narrowing the gender gap in leadership positions. We offer benefits that provide an enabling environment for women to participate in our workforce including parental leave, gender-sensitive security protocols and other supportive benefits and allowances. Working Environment IRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. IRC considers all applicants on the basis of merit without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law Sector: Health Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Mubi, Nigeria Job Description Background/IRC Summary:The International Rescue Committee, one of the world’s largest humanitarian agencies, provides relief, rehabilitation and post-conflict reconstruction support to victims of natural disaster, oppression and violent conflict in 42 countries. The IRC is committed to bold leadership, innovation and creative partnerships. Active in public health, education, livelihoods, women’s empowerment, youth development, and protection and promotion of rights, IRC assists people from harm to home. IRC entered Nigeria in October 2012 in response to a widespread flood disaster. IRC’s Emergency Response Team, with local partner CISCOPE (Civil Society Coalition for Poverty Eradication), implemented a project to support livelihoods and improve WASH in Kogi State from February to May 2013. This was followed by a 3-month nutrition and food security program in the same location from October 2013 to January 2014. The IRC is now in the process of establishing long term presence in Nigeria. An office has been established in Adamawa State, North East Nigeria and are providing critical humanitarian assistance to conflict affected people. Job Overview/Summary:The Health Clinical Officer services is responsible for overseeing health care activities for IRC supported health facilities in Asikra Uba Borno state and Selected LGAs in Adamawa State. Responsibilities will include day to day support to health facilities, monitoring of activities, report making, coordination with other sectors and government authorities as well as close collaboration with health facility staff and managers. The Health Clinical Officer Services will have no line management responsibilities and reports to the Senior Health Clinical Officer. The position is based in Mubi with regular trips to IRC’s health programs throughout Askira Uba and other parts of Nigeria as needed. Major Responsibilities: Key Working Relationships: Position Reports to: Health ManagerPosition directly supervises: None Indirect Reporting:  Health Clinical OfficerOther Internal and/or external contacts: Internal: Required to be a good team player, works effectively within the team External: Close coordination and collaboration with line ministries (PHCDA, MoH), partners (Alima, WHO) and stakeholders (Community leaders, community structures and Clients) Qualifications Education: College Diploma in Nursing /midwifery/clinical medicine Work Experience: Demonstrated Skills and Competencies: Language Skills: Certificates or Licenses: Working Environment: The position is based in MubiAdamawa state with frequent travel to other IRC field sites. Successful candidate will be required to work 8 hours daily and 6 hours on Fridays. The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in IRC Way – Standards for Professional Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Anti Workplace Harassment, Fiscal Integrity, and Anti-Retaliation. IRC et les employés de IRC doivent adhérer aux valeurs et principes contenus dans le IRC WAY (normes de conduite professionnelle). Ce sont l’Intégrité, le Service, et la Responsabilité. En conformité avec ces valeurs, IRC opère et fait respecter les politiques sur la protection des bénéficiaires contre l’exploitation et les abus, la protection de l’enfant, le harcèlement sur les lieux de travail, l’intégrité financière, et les représailles Sector: Health Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Maiduguri, Nigeria Job Description The International Rescue Committee responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, IRC offers life-saving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in more than 40 countries and in 22 U.S. cities, IRC restores safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted by conflict or disaster. IRC leads the way from harm to home. CONTEXTUAL BACKGROUND. The IRC has been present in Nigeria since 2012 when the organization responded to flooding in Kogi state. In February 2014 the IRC moved into Adamawa State in NE Nigeria to provide humanitarian interventions through a multi-sectoral, integrated approach for conflict affected populations. IRC Nigeria now operates a country office in Abuja and field offices in Mubi and Yola of Adamawa State, Maiduguri and Monguno of Borno state and Damatru of Yobe State. Currently, IRC Nigeria implements programs primary health care, nutrition, environmental health, women’s protection and empowerment, protection, child protection, education, food security & livelihoods. Job Overview/Summary Under the supervision of Nutrition Manager, the Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will be responsible for all HeRoN project in his/her Local Government Area and is expected to ensure integrity, high level transparency and commitment in the implementation of the project. He or she is responsible for overseeing all nutrition activities for IRC supported OTPs in assigned LGA in Borno state. The Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will oversee and supervise supported SMOH OTPs staff/CHVs and reports to the Nutrition Manager. Major Responsibilities Program Management, Technical Quality, and Strategy Nutrition program management: Key Deliverables Program Development / Grant Management Staff Performance Management, Learning & Development: Required for all positions with supervisory responsibility, if special considerations are needed (e.g. remote management), make this additive to the base language here. Research, Learning and Analysis Coordination & Representation Key Working Relationships Position Reports to: Nutrition Manager Indirect/Technical Reporting: Nutrition Coordinator, Stabilization centers manager, Health coordinator, Senior Health Manager and Senior RH Manager Position directly Supervises: Nutrition assistants, Nutrition registrars and CHVs Key Internal Contacts: Country Program: SPC, Deputy Director Program, Finance Manager, Supply chain Manager, Senior Area Manager, DDFM Region/Global: Key External Contacts: INGO Partner Qualifications Education: Work Experience: Demonstrated Technical Skills: Demonstrated Managerial/Leadership Competencies: Languages: English Computer/Other Tech Requirements: Full professional competency in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Add position-specific (e.g. accounting software, statistical software, etc.). Ability to Travel: 30 % of time if applicable Standards of Professional Conduct; The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in the IRC Way – Code of Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Harassment-Free Workplace, Fiscal Integrity, Anti-Retaliation, Combating Trafficking in Persons and several others. Gender Equality: IRC is committed to narrowing the gender gap in leadership positions. We offer benefits that provide an enabling environment for women to participate in our workforce including parental leave, gender-sensitive security protocols and other supportive benefits and allowances. Working Environment IRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. IRC considers all applicants on the basis of merit without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law Sector: Health Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Gwoza, Nigeria Job Description The International Rescue Committee responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, IRC offers life-saving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in more than 40 countries and in 22 U.S. cities, IRC restores safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted by conflict or disaster. IRC leads the way from harm to home. CONTEXTUAL BACKGROUND. The IRC has been present in Nigeria since 2012 when the organization responded to flooding in Kogi state. In February 2014 the IRC moved into Adamawa State in NE Nigeria to provide humanitarian interventions through a multi-sectoral, integrated approach for conflict affected populations. IRC Nigeria now operates a country office in Abuja and field offices in Mubi and Yola of Adamawa State, Maiduguri and Monguno of Borno state and Damatru of Yobe State. Currently, IRC Nigeria implements programs primary health care, nutrition, environmental health, women’s protection and empowerment, protection, child protection, education, food security & livelihoods. Job Overview/Summary Under the supervision of Nutrition Manager, the Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will be responsible for all HeRoN project in his/her Local Government Area and is expected to ensure integrity, high level transparency and commitment in the implementation of the project. He or she is responsible for overseeing all nutrition activities for IRC supported OTPs in assigned LGA in Borno state. The Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will oversee and supervise supported SMOH OTPs staff/CHVs and reports to the Nutrition Manager. Major Responsibilities Program Management, Technical Quality, and Strategy Nutrition program management: Key Deliverables Program Development / Grant Management Staff Performance Management, Learning & Development: Required for all positions with supervisory responsibility, if special considerations are needed (e.g. remote management), make this additive to the base language here. Research, Learning and Analysis Coordination & Representation Key Working Relationships Position Reports to: Nutrition Manager Indirect/Technical Reporting: Nutrition Coordinator, Stabilization centers manager, Health coordinator, Senior Health Manager and Senior RH Manager Position directly Supervises: Nutrition assistants, Nutrition registrars and CHVs Key Internal Contacts: Country Program: SPC, Deputy Director Program, Finance Manager, Supply chain Manager, Senior Area Manager, DDFM Region/Global: Key External Contacts: INGO Partner Qualifications Education: Work Experience: Demonstrated Technical Skills: Demonstrated Managerial/Leadership Competencies: Languages: English Computer/Other Tech Requirements: Full professional competency in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Add position-specific (e.g. accounting software, statistical software, etc.). Ability to Travel: 30 % of time if applicable Standards of Professional Conduct; The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in the IRC Way – Code of Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Harassment-Free Workplace, Fiscal Integrity, Anti-Retaliation, Combating Trafficking in Persons and several others. Gender Equality: IRC is committed to narrowing the gender gap in leadership positions. We offer benefits that provide an enabling environment for women to participate in our workforce including parental leave, gender-sensitive security protocols and other supportive benefits and allowances. Working Environment IRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. IRC considers all applicants on the basis of merit without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law Sector: Health Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Yobe, Nigeria Job Description The International Rescue Committee responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, IRC offers life-saving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in more than 40 countries and in 22 U.S. cities, IRC restores safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted by conflict or disaster. IRC leads the way from harm to home. CONTEXTUAL BACKGROUND. The IRC has been present in Nigeria since 2012 when the organization responded to flooding in Kogi state. In February 2014 the IRC moved into Adamawa State in NE Nigeria to provide humanitarian interventions through a multi-sectoral, integrated approach for conflict affected populations. IRC Nigeria now operates a country office in Abuja and field offices in Mubi and Yola of Adamawa State, Maiduguri and Monguno of Borno state and Damatru of Yobe State. Currently, IRC Nigeria implements programs primary health care, nutrition, environmental health, women’s protection and empowerment, protection, child protection, education, food security & livelihoods. Job Overview/Summary Under the supervision of Nutrition Manager, the Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will be responsible for all HeRoN project in his/her Local Government Area and is expected to ensure integrity, high level transparency and commitment in the implementation of the project. He or she is responsible for overseeing all nutrition activities for IRC supported OTPs in assigned LGA in Borno state. The Nutrition Capacity Building Officer will oversee and supervise supported SMOH OTPs staff/CHVs and reports to the Nutrition Manager. Major Responsibilities Program Management, Technical Quality, and Strategy Nutrition program management: Key Deliverables Program Development / Grant Management Staff Performance Management, Learning & Development: Required for all positions with supervisory responsibility, if special considerations are needed (e.g. remote management), make this additive to the base language here. Research, Learning and Analysis Coordination & Representation Key Working Relationships Position Reports to: Nutrition Manager Indirect/Technical Reporting: Nutrition Coordinator, Stabilization centers manager, Health coordinator, Senior Health Manager and Senior RH Manager Position directly Supervises: Nutrition assistants, Nutrition registrars and CHVs Key Internal Contacts: Country Program: SPC, Deputy Director Program, Finance Manager, Supply chain Manager, Senior Area Manager, DDFM Region/Global: Key External Contacts: INGO Partner Qualifications Education: Work Experience: Demonstrated Technical Skills: Demonstrated Managerial/Leadership Competencies: Languages: English Computer/Other Tech Requirements: Full professional competency in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Add position-specific (e.g. accounting software, statistical software, etc.). Ability to Travel: 30 % of time if applicable Standards of Professional Conduct; The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in the IRC Way – Code of Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Harassment-Free Workplace, Fiscal Integrity, Anti-Retaliation, Combating Trafficking in Persons and several others. Gender Equality: IRC is committed to narrowing the gender gap in leadership positions. We offer benefits that provide an enabling environment for women to participate in our workforce including parental leave, gender-sensitive security protocols and other supportive benefits and allowances. Working Environment IRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. IRC considers all applicants on the basis of merit without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law Sector: Information Technology Employment Category: Fixed Term Employment Type: Full-Time Open to Expatriates: No Location: Maiduguri, Nigeria Job Description The International Rescue Committee (IRC) is among the world’s leading nonprofit humanitarian relief and development organizations. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC’s mission is to assist those whose lives and livelihoods have been shattered by conflict and disaster to survive, recover and gain control over their lives. The organization has been at the forefront of virtually every major humanitarian initiative for the last 80 years. At work today in over 40 countries and 29 U.S. cities, we restore safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted and struggling to endure. The IRC leads the way from harm to home. Scope: The IT Department supports the organization’s work by providing reliable and scalable applications and infrastructure of the IRC’s offices in the US and around the world, including many technologically challenging locations. An integral component of this effort is ensuring that Country Programs have the capacity to implement and support these IT initiatives effectively across the country offices and in the field sites. Reporting to the IT Manager the IT Officer will provide desktop support services to end users and be in charge of the office Network infrastructure configuration and management and Server system administration in the office under his purview. This also includes computers and end users applications installations, mobile devices configurations, installation and configuration of network printers and other computers peripherals and all aspects local domain Active Directory management. A key aspect of this role is ensuring all technology implementations in-country conforms to the global IT policies and procedures hence working closely with Country IT and Regional IT lead is vital. Position Holder serves as focal person for IRC IT operations in the deep field sites of Monguno and Gwoza as well as any new deep field office in Borno State, while seating at and also supporting the Maiduguri office. Major Responsibilities: Key Working Relationships: Position Reports to: IT Manager/Coordinator. Position directly supervises: IT Assistant if applicable Indirectly Reports: IT Coordinator if applicable Indirectly supervises: IT Assistant if applicable Other internal and/or external contacts: Internal: Program Coordinators, Finance Controller, HR & Supply Chain Coordinators, Field Coordinators External: Vendors and Consultants Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering and/or equivalent in relevant field Technical Skills & Experience: Soft Skills and Competencies: Language Skills: Excellent English and other major Country languages communication skills including speaking, listening and writing. Knowledge of Hausa will be an added advantage Computer Skill: Good proficiency in supporting industry standard IT infrastructure and applications Certificates or Licenses: A+, ITIL or similar certifications preferred Ability to Travel: 30 % of time if applicable Standards of Professional Conduct; The IRC and IRC workers must adhere to the values and principles outlined in the IRC Way – Code of Conduct. These are Integrity, Service, and Accountability. In accordance with these values, the IRC operates and enforces policies on Beneficiary Protection from Exploitation and Abuse, Child Safeguarding, Harassment-Free Workplace, Fiscal Integrity, Anti-Retaliation, Combating Trafficking in Persons and several others. Gender Equality: IRC is committed to narrowing the gender gap in leadership positions. We offer benefits that provide an enabling environment for women to participate in our workforce including parental leave, gender-sensitive security protocols and other supportive benefits and allowances. Working Environment IRC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. IRC considers all applicants on the basis of merit without regard to race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Deadline: Nov 24, 2020 The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at International Rescue Committee (IRC) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.