Brendan Rodgers’ side tactically outclassed a toothless Leeds United squad at Elland Road. Leicester City were dominant and despite their injury-ravaged squad, were able to show quality throughout their side. However, coach Rodgers feels he and his side will not get the credit. After the match, the Northern Irish coach criticised the perception of British coaches. “Because I’m a British manager, I got lucky, that’s the way it works in these games. But the players were brilliant and got their rewards,” said Rodgers. Marcelo Bielsa has received plenty of praise for his work with Leeds United since taking over more than two seasons ago. “You watch Leeds closely in advance, see how they play with wingers and stretch the pitch and they want a basketball game, up and down, so you have to ensure you don’t get involved in that.” Other coaches may look to exploit the problems which Rodgers has identified in the Leeds game. Leicester win back-to-back games to get their season back on track as they push for European qualification for a second season running. Jamie Vardy appears to have shaken off the slight injury which prevented the former England international starting against Arsenal. Scoring and assisting, Rodgers was full of praise for his number nine ahead of the Foxes trip to Leeds. “He has been a breath of fresh air, a genuine world-class striker. If he didn’t have the path he’s had as a player (from non-league) you would be talking about him much more,” said Rodgers. “People say he’s the guy who has come through from non-league and played his way into the Premier League but this is a top-level striker. He still has the hunger.” “From the outside looking in you see his development, you see his finishing, but when you come in to work with him you find out more about the personality.” “He is a bundle of joy in the changing room and loves football. The biggest surprise is tactically how good he is.” The 33-year-old striker has showed no sign of the gradual journey into his twilight years. Leicester host Braga in the Europa League before hosting Wolves at the King Power Stadium. See also: Mesut Ozil Tweets support to injured David Luiz as toothless Arsenal fall to Leicester Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.