Gemstone Financial Services Limited is an investment company incorporated in May 2019. Our primary purpose is to provide debt and equity financing to micro and small businesses within and outside Kaduna. To this end, we have provided over N150M of agricultural, equipment, and debt financing to our customers over the past 12 months. To meet the ever-growing demand for small business financing, we have within the past 6 months expanded our operations to eight (8) states across Nigeria. We have a share capital of N100M, per corporate affairs commission. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Katsina Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Katsina Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Katsina Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Katsina Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Katsina Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Kastina Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja (FCT) Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja (FCT) Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja (FCT) Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja (FCT) Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja (FCT) Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja (FCT) Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 13th November, 2020. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Gemstone Financial Services Limited (12 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Gemstone Financial Services Limited is an investment company incorporated in May 2019. Our primary purpose is to provide debt and equity financing to micro and small businesses within and outside Kaduna. To this end, we have provided over N150M of agricultural, equipment, and debt financing to our customers over the… October 3, 2020 In "Jobs" Gemstone Financial Services Limited is an investment company incorporated in May 2019. Our primary purpose is to provide debt and equity financing to micro and small businesses within and outside Kaduna. To this end, we have provided over N150M of agricultural, equipment, and debt financing to our customers over the… October 3, 2020 In "Jobs" Gemstone Financial Services Limited is an investment company incorporated in May 2019. Our primary purpose is to provide debt and equity financing to micro and small businesses within and outside Kaduna. To this end, we have provided over N150M of agricultural, equipment, and debt financing to our customers over the… October 28, 2020 In "Jobs"