A pair of thoroughly impressive statistics surrounding the early-season displays of Chelsea loanee Conor Gallagher have piqued attentions across social media this week. Gallagher, 20, is a product of Chelsea’s youth system. The English youth international is an all-action midfielder, capable of lining out in many of an orthodox role, an advanced midfield position or even in front of the back-4. And it is such versatility, amongst a host of other impressive traits, which have long seen Gallagher tipped as a potential star of the future at Stamford Bridge. Amid the fierce competition for places in Frank Lampard’s squad, though, the last couple of seasons have seen the youngster farmed out on a series of loans. First up was a spell with Charlton over the opening half of the 2019/20 campaign. Gallagher went on to line out for the Addicks on 26 occasions, notching an impressive 6 goals and 2 assists along the way. His early displays even saw the now-20-year-old bag the award for the EFL Young Player of the Month: Congratulations Conor! Conor Gallagher has been named as the @EFL Young Player of The Month for August https://t.co/PuW5Qd71T6 #cafc pic.twitter.com/8hpGnEGBGw — Charlton Athletic FC (@CAFCofficial) September 20, 2019 Chelsea, though, eventually opted to recall Gallagher in January, before immediately sending their midfield starlet out on another loan, to Swansea City. And Gallagher’s time at the Liberty Stadium proved equally productive, as the midfielder went on to notch a further 6 assists across 21 outings. It is the statistics surrounding Gallagher’s early form to start out the 2020/21 campaign, though, which showcase what an all-round talent the English U21 international truly is. Since linking up with West Brom on a 3rd-straight loan away from Chelsea this past summer, Gallagher has managed 4 Premier League appearances. This comes with the youngster having been ineligible to line out in the Baggies’ meeting with his parent club, before missing West Brom’s defeat to Southampton early last month through illness. Across the outings he has appeared in, during which Gallagher racked up 90 minutes on all 4 occasions, though, the Surrey native has not at all struggled with the step up to Premier League quality. In fact, as revealed by statisticians SofaScore, the Blues loanee is leading all players under the age of 21 in duels won per 90 minutes, across Europe’s top-5 leagues this season: Chelsea’s loanee Conor Gallagher is impressing with West Bromwich Albion this season, putting up fantastic numbers in the heart of their midfield. Valencia’s right-back Thierry Correia is the most efficient among this top 5, winning a fantastic 65% of all duels he contests!  pic.twitter.com/vKX4jLZ5np — SofaScore (@SofaScoreINT) November 15, 2020 Not only that, but Gallagher is currently coming up with 5 tackles per 90, also the best of any U21 star across the continent’s top divisions: After we pointed out Edmond Tapsoba’s big lead over other Bundesliga players in ball recoveries yesterday, it’s no surprise to see he bests his peers across Europe as well. In other defensive categories, Conor Gallagher and Sassuolo’s Mert Müldür have been the best so far. pic.twitter.com/MEpoGUKnQo — SofaScore (@SofaScoreINT) November 15, 2020 Newcastle United vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Highlights: Chelsea’s Callum Hudson-Odoi earns MOTM award after starring display for England’s under-21s Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.