Concerns have begun to mount across the Premier League landscape on Monday, as high-profile stars continue to test positive for Covid-19. To say that the latest international break came at a bad time would be putting it lightly. Amid an absolutely hectic opening to the campaign, during which English clubs have inevitably seen key players drop like flies with respective muscle problems, those still standing were promptly whisked away to all corners of the globe last week to line out for their respective countries. As such, it has come as a surprise to absolutely no one to see both injuries, and cases of the coronavirus, continue to mount. Premier League champions Liverpool are one such club to have fallen victim to the relentless nature of the calendar of late. Just days after Trent Alexander-Arnold joined Virgil van Dijk and Fabinho on the sidelines, word was forthcoming that Joe Gomez had picked up a potentially season-ending injury. And the worrying news has since only continued to mount for the Reds, with Mohamed Salah’s positive coronavirus result having been followed by both Andy Robertson and Jordan Henderson picking up fitness issues whilst with their respective nations. Captain @JHenderson has been released from the @England squad and returned to the club for further assessment. — Liverpool FC (@LFC) November 16, 2020 Elsewhere, Manchester City’s Raheem Sterling was today also forced to drop out of the England squad, less than 24 hours after Chelsea’s Ben Chilwell limped out of the Three Lions’ Nations League meeting with Belgium. The latest concerns for two of the Premier League’s other giants, meanwhile, come on the Covid-19 front. First up comes a blow for Jose Mourinho’s in-form Tottenham. In a post across social media on Monday, the Republic of Ireland have confirmed that Matt Doherty, along with James McClean, has returned a positive coronavirus test. As such, the Spurs stopper will now enter a period of self isolation, and will miss his side’s Premier League showdown with Man City this weekend. The Football Association of Ireland can confirm Matt Doherty and James McClean have tested positive for COVID-19 The rest of the staff & squad tested negative ahead of the flight back to Dublin this morning before the match against Bulgaria on Wednesday#COYBIG pic.twitter.com/dyEMhuft8z — FAIreland  (@FAIreland) November 16, 2020 The news on the red half of north London, meanwhile, is not exactly much better. As revealed by the midfielder’s agent, Mohamed Elneny has also tested positive for Covid-19, whilst with the Egyptian national team. This of course follows international teammate Mo Salah returning a positive test of his own last week. Elneny will therefore also sit out Arsenal’s return to action on Sunday, when Mikel Arteta’s men make the trip to Elland Road to take on Leeds. Elneny has tested positive for Covid, according to his agent  https://t.co/Bfsr8u10mD — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) November 16, 2020 Arsenal are currently in contact with Elneny and the Egyptian FA, trying to establish full details of what has gone on in terms of the test and results. Elneny is currently in Cairo. — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) November 16, 2020 An update on the latest round of Premier League testing as a whole, meanwhile, has also revealed a considerable hike in positive coronavirus results, despite fewer individuals being checked: Premier League announce 16 new positive tests from past week of 1,207 staff and players tested. That’s a sharp rise from fewer tests…. — John Cross (@johncrossmirror) November 16, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.