Sunday’s marquee Premier League tie played out a short time ago. Liverpool welcomed Leicester City to Anfield, as the champions aimed to gain ground on the likes of Tottenham and Chelsea. Standing in their way, though, were an in-form Leicester City side, who began the game week sitting top of the Premier League table. Jurgen Klopp’s men entered Sunday’s clash in decent form, but the Merseysiders were, of course, without the services of a number of key players. Mohamed Salah is sidelined with Covid-19, whilst all of Virgil van Dijk, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joe Gomez, Thiago Alcantara and Jordan Henderson are injured. When the 90 minutes were up at Anfield this evening, though, Liverpool’s weakened squad nevertheless emerged with a dominant win. Liverpool began the tie pretty brightly. James Milner, filling in for Alexander-Arnold at right-back, played a lovely pass down the line to Diogo Jota, before the ball eventually found Naby Keita to earn a corner for the hosts. Sadio Mane, though, directed his subsequent header into the side netting. As for Leicester, they appeared to be attempting to exploit Liverpool’s makeshift defensive right-side, made up of Milner and Joel Matip. Kasper Schmeichel, meanwhile, was forced into the first save of the day nine minutes in, after Curtis Jones smashed his effort straight at the Dane. Schmeichel was then forced into another decent save just minutes later by Jota. Leicester’s no.1 could do nothing to prevent Liverpool from taking the lead 20 minutes in, though, as Jonny Evans directed the ball into his own net from a Reds corner: Absolute shocker… Jonny Evans nods home at the wrong end and Liverpool lead Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #LIVLEI here: https://t.co/agNklmctLi Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/IYuTerFzbf — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 22, 2020 Brendan Rodgers’ men did have a great chance to immediately level things up, when Harvey Barnes whipped a lovely ball into the middle of Liverpool’s box. But Jamie Vardy, who connected with the delivery, uncharacteristically directed his strike well wide. Matip was then presented with the opportunity to make it 2-0 at the other end, but headed just wide from another Andy Robertson corner. The African then did well to deflect a curling effort from James Justin wide. Liverpool continued to dominate as the opening 45 wore on, though, with Mane having come close to adding a second for the home side just before the break, after being played in by the ever-impressive Milner. And, shortly after, it was 2-0. Robertson was heavily involved once again, floating a curling cross onto Jota’s head to hand Jurgen Klopp and co. a commanding lead heading into the break: Diogo Jota scores for the th home game in a row Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #LIVLEI here: https://t.co/agNklmctLi Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/zTxkIg81s9 — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 22, 2020 Liverpool started the second 45 once again on the front foot, with Jota and Robertson nearly combining once more to make it 3-0. A bit of a downer was put on the Reds evening, however, when Keita, who had looked superb to that point, was forced off with a hamstring issue. Liverpool continued to dominate despite Keita’s withdrawal, as Mane forced another solid stop from Schmeichel 54 minutes in. And the Leicester no.1 kept his side in things again shortly after, this time getting down low to deny Jota. The Reds were then somehow denied what looked certain to be a 3rd when Firmino saw his initial effort strike the post, before the Brazilian’s rebound was cleared off the line: How has that not gone in? Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #LIVLEI here: https://t.co/agNklmctLi Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/wjU99kUsqk — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 22, 2020 Firmino’s persistence finally paid off in the dying moments of the game, though, as the South American headed home from another Robertson corner. The final whistle blew minutes later with the scoreline at 3-0, and Liverpool now up to 2nd in the Premier League table. The Merseysiders’ win over the Foxes, meanwhile, also saw them break a long-standing club record (the below stat was revealed before kick-off this evening): 63 – Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 63 Premier League home games, their joint-longest such run without defeat at home in the top-flight. Their previous run of 63 between February 1978-December 1980 was eventually ended with defeat to Leicester in January 1981. Omen? #LIVLEI — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 22, 2020 Pre-match, there were no doubt some Liverpool fans concerned about how their side would fare today, with so many key players out of action. As outlined above, three of Liverpool’s first-choice backline were sidelined, top-scorer Salah was missing through Covid-19, whilst captain Jordan Henderson and midfield creator Thiago were also forced to sit out. Despite their personnel issues, and the fact that Leicester are one of the Premier League’s in-form sides – especially away from home – though, the champions dominated this evening, with a host of fringe stars thoroughly impressing. James Milner, filling in at right-back for Alexander-Arnold, was superb throughout, defending well, floating in some superb crosses, and linking up with Jota to excellent effect. Elsewhere, Fabinho put on another solid showing at centre-back, Curtis Jones impressed again, and Naby Keita connected midfield to attack with some lovely passes and runs before his eventual exit. Though the long-term absences of Gomez and van Dijk will no doubt impact Liverpool at some point over the course of the hectic campaign, Klopp and co. should take a lot of confidence from their display against Leicester. The Reds made clear that they are still more than capable of dominating even the best sides in England, even without a host of integral players. See also: Wolves vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Burnley vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.