Layvin Kurzawa’s now deleted Instagram story revealed that as many as ten Paris Saint-Germain players were trapped in a lift for 50 minutes. Pendant ce temps y’a la moitié de l’équipe du PSG bloquée dans un ascenseur  pic.twitter.com/nJBfJoXgUw — Fat’91 (@FatMat91HD) November 3, 2020 Presnel Kimpembe, Leandro Paredes, Angel Di Maria, Marquinhos, Bandiougou Fadiga, Abdou Diallo, Idrissa Gueye, Moise Kean, Colin Dagba and Kays Ruiz-Atil were all tagged by Kurzawa and presumed the trapped group. Firefighters were shown attempting to free the players as the French amateur cameraman called into the lift, “It’s okay?” “It’s not okay brother!” Kurzawa asks who is inside and the comedic reply was “Neymar, Mbappe!” The talismanic pair have not travelled to Germany, as they were deemed unavailable for Thomas Tuchel’s thinning squad. Pressure will be on Moise Kean, one of the formerly trapped players, to continue his fine form. The Italian joined PSG on loan from Everton and scored twice against Istanbul Basaksehir to take a crucial victory. Thomas Tuchel is without both of his stars as PSG face off against RB Leipzig. This has led to questions as to whether the side can get a vital victory using the depth in their squad. Speaking after the Champions League final in which PSG lost to Bayern, Tuchel called for greater efficiency. “We’ve lacked efficiency,” he said. “We want Kylian and Neymar to score all the time. I’m proud because Ney had another amazing game. He showed his abilities, his mentality. For Kiki, it’s difficult. It was a miracle that he was with us [after injury]. Small details made the difference.” Whilst the German coach may want the pair to always score, he will need to rely on his other players to get the French side over the line. La composition parisienne pour ce #RBLPSG pic.twitter.com/1Z3EHs4SDq — Paris Saint-Germain (@PSG_inside) November 4, 2020 Pablo Sarabia, Angel di Maria and Moise Kean were selected by Tuchel ahead of the clash. PSG kick off in Germany against RB Leipzig at 8pm. See also: Alvaro Gonzalez responds to Neymar’s racism claims after PSG 0-Marseille 1 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.