Manchester United returned to Champions League action on Wednesday evening. The Red Devils’ previous European outings this term had seen them pick up huge wins over PSG and RB Leipzig. As a result, a victory over Turkish outfit Istanbul Basaksehir seemed all but inevitable this week. However, some horrific defending on the part of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side saw them fall to a 2-1 defeat in Istanbul. 35-year-old Demba Ba scores against Manchester United on a one-man counter-attack… Yes, this really happened pic.twitter.com/YCDqlFqbyj — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 4, 2020 Said result follows on from United’s dismal showing against Arsenal last weekend. And with Man United having already fallen to rather embarrassing defeats to both Crystal Palace and Tottenham this campaign, the latter of which United lost 6-1 to, question marks have begun to be raised over Solskjaer’s long-term future at the club. Reports even began to circulate on Thursday that Man United have made contact with former Spurs boss, Mauricio Pochettino. However, several reports have since emerged suggesting that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s future, at least right now, is with Man United. First up Sky Sports News claim that Solskjaer retains the support of Man United and is still seen as a long-term appointment. The Athletic have also reported that Man United maintain faith in their current boss and that Solskjaer’s job is not under threat even if the Reds lose to Everton this weekend: Scrutiny on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer but he retains faith of #MUFC. Everton result not pivotal to club’s thinking.@TheAthleticUKhttps://t.co/m8rPcC6ZTR — Laurie Whitwell (@lauriewhitwell) November 5, 2020 Check out 101’s betting tips for the Everton tie below. See also: Everton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Southampton vs Newcastle United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.