Noteworthy stories surrounding Tottenham pair Jose Mourinho and Gareth Bale have been forthcoming online over the last 24 hours. First up is Mourinho. The Portuguese has, on Friday, been hit with both a ban and fine by UEFA. This comes on the back of Spurs’ meeting with Royal Antwerp late last month. Hosts Antwerp eventually emerged from the Europa League clash with a 1-0 win, to take early control of the Group J table. Spurs’ woes, though, have not ended with their frankly abysmal display, or the eventual result, at the Bosuilstadion. In a statement released a short time ago, it was confirmed that Jose Mourinho has been handed a one-match ban (albeit suspended) by UEFA. This comes with the tactician having been deemed as responsible for the October clash kicking off several minutes late. Tottenham, as a club, meanwhile, have also been slapped with a €25,000 fine by Uefa’s control, ethics and disciplinary body. Jose Mourinho has been handed a suspended one-match ban and Spurs are fined €25,000 by UEFA for being responsible for a late kick-off in the Europa League game against Royal Antwerp. #THFC — Jonathan Veal (@jonathandveal83) November 13, 2020 The next story doing the rounds surrounding ongoings in north London, however, is of a much more positive nature for all associated with Spurs. This comes in the form of an update on the future of Gareth Bale. The news, courtesy of Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo, suggests that Welsh international Bale could seal a permanent move back to the English capital for as little as €15 million next summer. The 31-year-old of course linked up with the Lilywhites for the 2nd time in his career this past September, joining Mourinho’s squad on loan from Spanish giants Real Madrid. With Bale no longer viewed as part of the long-term plans of Blancos boss Zinedine Zidane, though, it has been suggested that a cut-price deal could be forthcoming following the campaign’s conclusion, whereby the explosive wide-man’s Tottenham return is made permanent. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.