A brief update on the wellbeing of Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold has been forthcoming online this evening. The marquee fixture of the Premier League weekend took place in Manchester a short time ago. Man City welcomed Liverpool to the Etihad, for a highly-anticipated meeting between the champions of the last two seasons. It was the visitors who held the advantage ahead of proceedings getting underway, with Jurgen Klopp’s men having entered the weekend sitting pretty atop the English top-flight. Hosts City, on the other hand, had endured a concerning start to the Premier League campaign, which had seen them bag wins in just half of the club’s outings. Nevertheless, when all was said and done this evening, the two sides couldn’t be separated. Liverpool took the lead inside the opening quarter of an hour, when, after Kyle Walker had needlessly downed Sadio Mane in the Citizens’ box, Mo Salah stepped up to slot home beyond Ederson. Pep Guardiola’s hosts, though, were soon back on level terms. A moment of magic on the part of Gabriel Jesus saw the Brazilian roll Trent Alexander-Arnold with a wonderful turn, before prodding past the advancing Alisson. The two sides exchanged chances as the clash wore on, with a missed Kevin De Bruyne penalty the most clear-cut of them all. In the end, though, neither could find an all-important winner, Whilst, based on the balance of play this evening, Liverpool were likely actually content with departing the Etihad with a share of the spoils, the Merseysiders were also dealt a concerning blow on the personnel front. The player to have picked up the problem? Trent Alexander-Arnold. Just past the hour-mark, full-back TAA went to ground clutching his calf, before limping off to be replaced by James Milner. The Liverpool faithful, who have of course seen their side ravaged by injuries over the early weeks of the season, have since waited for an update on their gifted stopper’s situation with bated breath. And, as outlined above, such an update has now been forthcoming. The news, though, is far from positive. Speaking during his post-match press conference this evening, Jurgen Klopp confirmed that Alexander-Arnold is set to sit out England’s upcoming round of fixtures, ahead of a scan on Monday to assess the extent of the damage done: Klopp on Trent AA: “He will be out of England. Scan tomorrow and then we will see.” — James Pearce (@JamesPearceLFC) November 8, 2020 Pep Guardiola, meanwhile, has also weighed on the situation, revealing his take that, based on initial observation, Liverpool could be without their first-choice right-full for as long as a month: Pep: “The situation is exceptional. The virus is still here. Alexander-Arnold is now injured for a month maybe. England play without an exceptional full-back.” — Paul Gorst (@ptgorst) November 8, 2020 Wolves boss happy to see Diogo Jota ‘doing amazing’ with Liverpool Liverpool loanee Harvey Elliott continues to shine for Blackburn/Boasts Championship’s best average rating Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Crystal Palace have this evening been dealt a hugely concerning blow on the personnel front, after star man Wilfried Zaha was forced off during the club’s meeting with Liverpool. Liverpool on top Roy Hodgson’s men are currently locked in action with the Premier League table-toppers at Anfield. A Liverpool victory… June 24, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool have this evening provided updates on the fitness of a number of the club’s defenders, ahead of their meeting with Tottenham this weekend. Liverpool vs Spurs Jurgen Klopp’s men are set to welcome their opponents from last season’s Champions League final to Anfield on Sunday evening. The Reds will… October 25, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Liverpool’s first game back after the latest international break sees them traveling to Manchester United. Jurgen Klopp’s side head into the weekend’s action top of the Premier League table. Liverpool have taken the maximum points available from their opening eight league outings of 2019/20. This has… October 15, 2019 In "Sports"