Footage of Barcelona defender Sergino Dest turning Daniel James inside out during last night’s meeting between the United States and Wales has been turning plenty of heads online. One of Thursday’s many international friendlies took place at the Liberty Stadium. Wales welcomed the USA to Swansea, for a high-profile clash. When all was said and done a little over 24 hours ago, though, an altogether unforgettable affair saw ongoings off the pitch take centre stage. This came with Wales boss Ryan Giggs absent amid an ongoing investigation, on the back of claims that the Manchester United legend assaulted his girlfriend. The hosts’ two star performers, meanwhile, were also absent. Juventus midfielder Aaron Ramsey is currently sidelined, whilst Gareth Bale watched on from the stands as the Spurs loanee rests up ahead of his country’s upcoming Nations League double header. Bizarrely, so lacklustre were ongoings on the pitch last night, that claims even spread online that Bale, at one point, opened a laptop to take in the Masters action at Augusta. Wales unmoved on suggestion Gareth Bale was watching golf during draw with United Stateshttps://t.co/uGIIch5798 — Indy Football (@IndyFootball) November 13, 2020 As outlined above, though, whilst there were no goals, and few moments of real quality to get excited about at the Liberty Stadium, one fleeting instance of individual brilliance did indeed catch the eye. The player responsible? Sergino Dest. United States stopper Dest, who joined Barcelona from Ajax during the summer, started on the right of the visitors’ back-4. The 20-year-old looked impressive throughout, building on his fine early performances since making the move to the Camp Nou. Defensive solidity, though, was not what has since seen Dest go viral across social media. Instead, it was a stunning nutmeg on Manchester United’s Daniel James. After picking the ball up just inside the Wales half late in the clash, the young full-back stepped inside, before guiding an ‘elastico’ through the legs of the Red Devils wide-man. James did his best to recover from the situation, but couldn’t manage to get a toe on the ball ahead of the blistering Dest, who, with one flick of his right boot, showcased once again exactly why he has been tipped by so many as a star in the making. .@sergino_dest vs Daniel James  pic.twitter.com/LvWIGIJWFt — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) November 13, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.