Highlights of Manchester United’s U23s’ victory over Brighton & Hove Albion have been forthcoming online on Monday. The Red Devils made the trip to the Amex performance centre over the weekend, for their latest Premier League 2 outing. Neil Wood’s men headed into proceedings having endured an altogether lacklustre opening to the campaign, notching just a solitary win across the club’s five prior outings. As such, with the likes of Brandon Williams and summer addition Facundo Pellistri absent, a tricky day’s work was widely predicted for United on the south coast. When the 90 minutes were said and done, though, the visitors thoroughly impressed, en route to a 5-2 victory. 17-year-old Hannibal Mejbri, one of the most highly regarded young talents on United’s books, opened the scoring with just 8 minutes on the clock, slotting home into the bottom left of the Brighton net. Shola Shoretire was next on the scoresheet, taking advantage of a major mistake in the hosts’ goal for the simplest of finishes. Mark Helm’s strike 10 minutes before the interval then appeared to have put the Red Devils out of sight, only for a quickfire Jensen Weir double to drag Brighton back into things. Wood’s visitors, though, regathered their composure, to add a 70th-minute 4th through Alvaro Fernandez, before Arnau Puigmal Martinez rounded out the game’s scoring 7 minutes from time. Elsewhere on the Manchester United front, meanwhile, a pair of the club’s former academy stars have today bagged individual accolades. First, Mason Greenwood was named the Athletic’s ‘Rising Star’ at the Northwest Football awards ceremony: Proud of you, @MasonGreenwood Mason has been named the @TheAthleticUK at the @NWFAwards #MUFC #NWFA2020 pic.twitter.com/6O2A1rNlTO — Manchester United (@ManUtd) November 9, 2020 And this was swiftly followed by fellow Reds attacker Marcus Rashford securing a prize of his own, in the form of the NWF’s Impact Award: We’re running out of ways to describe this man @MarcusRashford has won the at the @NWFAwards for his incredible work combatting child food poverty #MUFC #NWFA2020 pic.twitter.com/wrc1AqRwEP — Manchester United (@ManUtd) November 9, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.