Aspom Travel Agency is a great travel deal company incorporated on the 2nd of February 2012 to provide support to people who wants to travel to any country in the world and also helps companies who wants to organize a group tour for their staff without stress. Aspom Travel Agency is committed to remaining well positioned and equipped to support our clients in their travel deals at a guaranteed lowest rates. In order to guarantee our clients efficient and high performance on jobs, Aspom has skilled, resourceful, goal oriented and team players. Aspom Travel Agency succeed at arranging every travel services from visa processing, hotel reservations, flight reservation and giving our clients the most complete travel experience at the best price. Many of our clients prefer to work with us planning vacation trips in the USA and around the world as well – we gladly do all the shopping for them finding quality services on the market at the best price. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Lekki, LagosEmployment Type: Full-time Job Description Skills / Requirements Application Closing Date30th November, 2020. The post Human Resource Manager at Aspom Travel Agency Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Aspom Travel Agency is a great travel deal company incorporated on the 2nd of February 2012 to provide support to people who wants to travel to any country in the world and also helps companies who wants to organize a group tour for their staff without stress. Aspom Travel Agency… November 6, 2020 In "Jobs" Aspom Travel Agency is a great travel deal company incorporated on the 2nd of February 2012 to provide support to people who wants to travel to any country in the world and also helps companies who wants to organize a group tour for their staffs without stress. Job Openings at… December 28, 2017 In "Jobs" Finchglow Travels is a world class Travel Management Company. We provide travel solutions for all your personal and business travel needs; from travel consultations to ticketing and reservations, tours and transfer to consular services, our main goal is to satisfy all your travel needs, we sell the world to you.… November 18, 2019 In "Gists"