Arsenal star Nicolas Pepe has taken to social media to issue a public apology to all associated with the club, on the back of his moment of madness versus Leeds United on Sunday. The Gunners made the trip to Elland Road 24 hours ago, in their return to action following the international break. Arsenal of course headed into proceedings desperate for a bounce-back performance, having slipped to 13th in the Premier League table on the back of an embarrassing 3-0 defeat to Aston Villa last time out. When all was said and done in west Yorkshire yesterday evening, however, the north Londoners failed to turn things around. Whilst Arteta’s men did eventually secure a share of the spoils, it was Leeds who utterly dominated proceedings at Elland Road. The Whites, in the 2nd-half alone, rattled the woodwork 3 times, with substitute Rodrigo having been particularly unlucky to see a bending left-footed effort come back off the crossbar. Arsenal, on the other hand, looked toothless going forward once again, as the creativity issues facing the capital giants continue to cost them dear. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VI7fxXQdeOU" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> Not at all helping Arsenal at Elland Road, particularly from an attacking standpoint, however, was a needless dismissal early in the 2nd-half. The individual to have been given his marching orders, as has since been widely discussed by fans and the media alike, was of course Nicolas Pepe. The Ivorian, handed a rare chance to impress by Mikel Arteta, struggled to impact proceedings on Sunday, before essentially killing off any chance of a snatch-and-grab win for the visitors with 51 minutes on the clock. After being involved in a coming together with Ezgjan Alioski off the ball, Pepe stupidly drove his head into that of the Leeds man. It therefore came as little surprise when, following a quick VAR check, the former Lille standout was sent for a deserved early bath: PEPE SENT OFF The Arsenal man headbutts Ezgjan Alioski off the ball and is shown a straight red card Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #LEEARS here: https://t.co/ikn2qWt06u Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/ZjeVi3H4MC — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 22, 2020 Pepe has since unsurprisingly been subjected to widespread criticism, as fans of the Gunners continue to wait for their side’s record signing to show up when it matters most. As outlined above, though, the 25-year-old himself appears fully aware of the magnitude of his moment of petulance versus Leeds. Taking to his personal Instagram account a short time ago, Pepe issued a public apology to not only the Arsenal faithful, but his teammates, Mikel Arteta and all associated with the club: ‘I have let my team down at a crucial time of the game and there is no excuses for my behaviour. I’m deeply sorry and would like to apologise to the fans, my team-mates, my coach and everyone else at the club.’ via nicolas.pepe19 on IG pic.twitter.com/nWMhlcPHpn — Arsenal (@Arsenal) November 23, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.