Arsenal secured Gabriel’s services over the summer. The Brazilian set Arsenal back less than £25m, which looks to have proven one of the bargains of the window so far. Despite being fairly young and having zero experience of the English game, Gabriel took to the Premier League like a fish to water. The former Lille man has already cemented himself as Arsenal’s top central defender and has played a key role in helping Mikel Arteta and co. tighten up what was a previously shaky backline. In fact, after seven game weeks of the season, Arsenal have shipped just seven goals – the lowest of any side currently in the English top-flight. View this post on Instagram Clean sheet + 3 points. Great victory. A post shared by  Gabriel Magalhães (@_gabrielmagalhaes) on Nov 1, 2020 at 12:19pm PST And after a staring display at Old Trafford over the weekend, Gabriel’s showings are now gaining widespread media attention. The latest high-profile star to heap praise on the Brazilian is Arsenal legend, Sol Campbell. The former Arsenal stopper stated that Gabriel is making the defenders around him better. Campbell then voiced the opinion that Arsenal ‘stole’ Gabriel for the price they paid for him: “Finally Arsenal have got a centre-back who wants to defend, who likes to defend. “You see Gabriel back there and he is making the players around him better. That is the sign of a top-class player. “He is powerful, quick, strong, good on the ball and good in the air – Arsenal stole him for that price! “That is an absolute steal because he is only going to get better. A very strong player that is only in his 20s. A signing that has hit the ground running straight away.” Quotes via Goal. See also: Southampton vs Newcastle United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Everton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. A statistic showcasing just how impressive Arsenal’s backline have been thus far this season has surfaced online this evening. Auba on target Mikel Arteta’s men of course made the trip to Old Trafford earlier today, for a Premier League meeting with Manchester United. The Gunners headed into proceedings desperate for… November 1, 2020 In "Sports" A fresh update on the situation surrounding the future of Lille’s Gabriel Magalhaes has been forthcoming online on Thursday. Gabriel impressing with Lille Gabriel, 22, has been on the French outfit’s books since 2017. And after a fairly slow start, the Brazilian has now firmly cemented himself as a pivotal… July 9, 2020 In "Sports" A recent report in the English media suggests that Arsenal could be set to part ways with David Luiz, less than a year after landing the centre-back. Luiz’s Arsenal stint In a somewhat out of the blue move, Luiz left Chelsea for London rivals Arsenal on deadline day last summer.… May 27, 2020 In "Sports"