A statistic showcasing just how impressive Arsenal’s backline have been thus far this season has surfaced online this evening. Mikel Arteta’s men of course made the trip to Old Trafford earlier today, for a Premier League meeting with Manchester United. The Gunners headed into proceedings desperate for all 3 points, having slipped to a lowly 13-place in the English top-flight, on the back of a pair of defeats over the last couple of weeks. When all was said and done in Manchester, though, Arsenal bounced back, and in style. A stellar display on the part of the north Londoners eventually saw them emerge from the Theatre of Dreams with a 1-0 win. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang bagged the only goal of the clash, slotting home from the penalty spot 20 minutes from time after Paul Pogba felled Hector Bellerin in the hosts’ box. The result guides Arsenal up to 9th in the Premier League table, albeit remarkably just a point adrift of 2nd-placed Everton. On the back of an all-round fantastic performance this evening, meanwhile, a number of Arsenal’s stars have since been singled out for special praise, by fans and the media alike. Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny both looked superb throughout proceedings at Old Trafford, controlling the midfield battle despite their numerical disadvantage. At the back, Kieran Tierney and Rob Holding continued to hold their own as part of a 3-man backline. None, though, was more impressive for the Gunners on Sunday than Gabriel Magalhaes. The Brazilian stopper showcased exactly why Arsenal fought so hard to secure his signature during the summer, dominating United’s frontline with a complete repertoire of physicality, aggression, reading of the game, ability in the tackle and composure on the ball. Some of the statistics stemming from Gabriel’s performance are showcased below, though even they do not do justice to just how superb the 22-year-old looked this evening: Gabriel’s game by numbers vs. Man Utd: 92% pass accuracy66 touches52 passes7 duels won5 tackles (most)5 ball recoveries4 clearances1 block1 interception1 clean sheet A colossal display. pic.twitter.com/HP1jRdohuj — Squawka Football (@Squawka) November 1, 2020 Furthermore, on the back of an all-round top-drawer defensive showing on the part of Mikel Arteta’s men, a somewhat surprising statistic has since been turning heads online. Despite their altogether shaky campaign thus far, as things stand, Arsenal actually boast the best defensive record in the Premier League. Making this feat all the more impressive, meanwhile, is the fact that the capital giants have already played out three of their toughest fixtures of the campaign, in the form of visits to all of Anfield, the Etihad and Old Trafford: Arsenal have the best defensive record in the Premier League, despite already playing Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United away. — Sam Dean (@SamJDean) November 1, 2020 ‘Tried my best’ – Arteta assures he handed Mesut Ozil every opportunity to prove himself at Arsenal Arsenal legend Martin Keown backs Harry Kane to break De Bruyne & Henry’s assist record Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. A statistic surrounding the impressive upturn in form being enjoyed by Arsenal midfielder Lucas Torreira since Mikel Arteta’s appointment has emerged online. Arsenal down United The Gunners welcomed Manchester United to the Emirates on Wednesday night, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings in search of… January 4, 2020 In "Sports" Reliable journalist David Ornstein has today provided an insight into Manchester United’s proposed move for Leicester City star James Maddison. Foxes stint Maddison, a 22-year-old attacking midfielder, only made the move to the King Power Stadium last summer, on the back of a stellar campaign in the Championship with Norwich… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Reliable journalist David Ornstein has today provided an insight into Manchester United’s proposed move for Leicester City star James Maddison. Foxes stint Maddison, a 22-year-old attacking midfielder, only made the move to the King Power Stadium last summer, on the back of a stellar campaign in the Championship with Norwich… October 21, 2019 In "Sports"