Tottenham’s meeting with Brighton & Hove Albion this evening saw a pair of the club’s summer additions combine to devastating effect, to guide the Lilywhites to their latest 3-point haul. Jose Mourinho’s men welcomed the Seagulls to north London a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. Spurs headed into proceedings on the back of an altogether mixed spell of form, which had seen the capital giants surrender a 3-goal lead versus West Ham, pick up impressive back-to-back wins over LASK and Burnley, before falling to a shock defeat to Antwerp, all in the space of a fortnight. As such, Mourinho and co. were no doubt desperate to get back to winning ways this evening. The Lilywhites were also spurred on by the knowledge that, amid the tight-knit nature of the English top-flight table at present, a positive result would see them climb to 2nd, behind only champions Liverpool. And, when all was said and done in the capital, this is precisely what Tottenham managed. Harry Kane set the hosts on their way inside the opening quarter of an hour, slotting home from 12 yards following a dubious penalty call. 14 – Harry Kane has been directly involved in 14 goals (six goals & eight assists) after only seven league games this season, the most of any player in Europe’s top five divisions (Lewandowksi, 13). Statement. pic.twitter.com/yIdCwfzlGo — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 1, 2020 Brighton, though, to their credit, continued to battle it out with their heavily favoured hosts, and were eventually rewarded 10 minutes into the 2nd-half. A sleek passing move from Graham Potter’s men (albeit put in motion by another touch-and-go decision) saw the ball slotted into the path of the lively Tariq Lamptey, who went on to finish with aplomb. The clash, at this point, looked on a knife-edge, with hearts no doubt in the mouths of Spurs fans the world over. This, though, all changed with a little over 15 minutes remaining. After the ball was moved out to the left flank, Sergio Reguilon was afforded too much space by Brighton’s defenders. And the Spanish international went on to take full advantage of the situation, directing a pinpoint delivery onto the head of substitute Gareth Bale, who made no mistake with his finish beyond the despairing grasp of Robert Sanchez. Bale’s header proved the game’s deciding moment, as Spurs held out for a 2-1 win, and all 3 points. Unsurprisingly, meanwhile, on the back of proceedings coming to a close in north London, the focus has centered on how the hosts’ winner came about. Reguilon and Bale were just last season plying their trade in La Liga, with Real Madrid. Now, though, it is Tottenham benefiting from the talents of the gifted duo, who both look set to prove excellent additions to Jose Mourinho’s squad as the season progresses further. Great win!!  pic.twitter.com/PGDAFuxlPP — Sergio Reguilón (@sergio_regui) November 1, 2020 Arsenal’s PL-best defensive record highlighted following Gabriel masterclass vs Man United ‘When you’ve got Timo…’ – Chilwell points to Chelsea’s strength in depth after Werner steps in for Pulisic vs Burnley Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. As per a report from Dutch outlet Nos, goalkeeper Michel Vorm has signed a contract with Tottenham until the end of the season. Spurs’ struggles continue Tottenham’s last Premier League outing saw the north Londoners travel to the Amex Stadium, for a meeting with Brighton. The matchup came on the… October 14, 2019 In "Sports" Spurs have this evening provided an update on the fitness of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, after the shot-stopper picked up a serious injury over the weekend. Tottenham embarrassed Mauricio Pochettino’s men travelled to the Amex Stadium on Saturday afternoon, for a Premier League meeting with Brighton. The north Londoners headed into… October 7, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham struggling Mauricio Pochettino reached perhaps his highest moment as Tottenham boss last season. Despite the rocky start to the group stage, Spurs made it all the way to the 2019 Champions League final. An incredible achievement given, at the time, the club had not signed a single first-team player… October 7, 2019 In "Sports"