Chelsea have tweeted announcing that summer signing Kai Havertz has tested positive for COVID-19 and will therefore enter a period of self-isolation. Ahead of Chelsea’s match against Rennes, Havertz was expected to feature having done so in the previous two Champions League matches but the German was of course absent. Frank Lampard has confirmed Kai Havertz has tested positive for Covid-19. As a consequence the player is now undergoing a period of self-isolation and is not involved in tonight’s Champions League game versus Rennes.#CHEREN — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 4, 2020 Whilst missing the match against the French opposition, Havertz will also miss Chelsea’s match at home to Sheffield United. The Blades have had a tricky start to the campaign and likely would have setup to frustrate Chelsea similarly to the 1-0 loss against Manchester City. Lampard will lament being without the creative German who could have been vital in breaking Chris Wilder’s side down. The line-up against Rennes gives some indication of how the Blues boss may deal with the loss of the German in the short-term. Havertz’s absence gives the former Chelsea midfielder the puzzle of selecting enough creativity to break down the Blades defence. Timo Werner returned to his wider role against Rennes with Tammy Abraham up top. Hakim Ziyech and Mason Mount provided the additional threat in attacking midfield. Werner has looked much less effective in wide areas. Our #UCL XI to take on Rennes! #CHEREN pic.twitter.com/sydV9vSq2t — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 4, 2020 Callum Hudson-Odoi was the only attacking option selected on the bench against Rennes besides Olivier Giroud. Four centre-halves, two goalkeepers, two full-backs and deep midfielder Kovacic made up the eleven. Displaying the thinning amount of options available. With the international break just one league game away, it may come at a good time for Lampard’s side. Allowing a period to recover from illness and injury. See also: Concerns over Kai Havertz as midfielder reportedly misses Chelsea training ahead of Rennes Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.