A pair of noteworthy stories surrounding Premier League giants Chelsea have surfaced online on Monday evening. The first concerns the fitness of one of the club’s key men. England of course returned to Nations League action last night, with a trip to world no.1 Belgium. The Three Lions headed into proceedings aware that a positive result was an absolute must, in the country’s bid to keep their Nations League hopes alive. When all was said and done in Leuven, however, Gareth Southgate’s men failed to get the job done. A disappointing display eventually saw England downed by 2 goals to nil, courtesy of strikes from Youri Tielemans and Dries Mertens. Majestic from Mertens A brilliant free-kick is sent flying past Jordan Pickford and puts Belgium 2-0 ahead against England. Follow updates: https://t.co/v7chKOwnBV Watch on Sky Sports PL pic.twitter.com/RN8ejIoqfC — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 15, 2020 Adding to the woes of the visitors on Sunday, meanwhile, was a blow on the personnel front. With 37 minutes on the clock, left-back Ben Chilwell went to ground holding his back, in evident pain. After being tended to by the visitors’ medical team, it was eventually decided that the 23-year-old was not fit to continue, as Chilwell limped off to be replaced by Bukayo Saka. In turn, concern had since inevitably spread amongst the Chelsea fanbase, with summer arrival Chilwell having played a key role in the club’s recent resurgence. As such, it will no doubt come as a major relief to hear that the former Leicester City man’s problem is not a serious one. First, earlier today, it was revealed that Chilwell was simply suffering with back spasms versus Belgium. Nevertheless, it was added that the stopper was altogether unlikely to feature in England’s next outing, when the Three Lions face off with Iceland on Wednesday night: Little update on Ben Chilwell. His issue last night was a back spasm. Player hoping it’s not a big issue and that it was brought on by the travelling but needs to see how it settles. Can’t see him being involved Weds night for England. #cfc — Matt Law (@Matt_Law_DT) November 16, 2020 A further update over the last couple of hours, however, has suggested otherwise. It is now claimed that, having been assessed further by the country’s medical team, Chilwell is in fact in contention to feature versus Iceland, suggesting his issue has not been deemed at all a serious one: Ben Chilwell has been assessed by the England medical staff and is in contention for Wednesday’s game against Iceland. – @standardsport pic.twitter.com/yzyTFC1453 — Simon Phillips (@SiPhillipsSport) November 16, 2020 Elsewhere on the Chelsea front on Monday, a first look at some of the club’s exclusive Champions League wear for next season has been provided online. The sneak peek comes courtesy of the highly reliable Footy Headlines, with Nike have opted for a series of combinations of three colours – teal, black and orange. Based on first impressions, it certainly appears as though the Londoners’ 3rd kit for the 2021/22 campaign is set to prove an outlandish one, with a series of photos accessible through the pair of tweets below: Bold Nike Chelsea FC 2021-22 Champions League Collection Leaked: https://t.co/J0m1U2vTNf — Footy Headlines (@Footy_Headlines) November 16, 2020 pic.twitter.com/urKaJQdtre — Footy Headlines (@Footy_Headlines) November 16, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.