The International Rescue Committee (IRC) responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC offers lifesaving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in over 40 countries and 22 U.S. cities, we restore safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted and struggling to endure. The IRC leads the way from harm to home. IRC has been present in Nigeria since 2012 when the organization responded to flooding in Kogi State. In early 2014, IRC opened a field office in Mubi town of Adamawa state in NE Nigeria followed by offices in Yola (Adamawa state) in November 2014, Maiduguri (Borno state) in October 2015 and Damaturu (Yobe state). The IRC Nigeria country program is implementing multi-sectoral interventions in the sectors of: Health and Nutrition; Environmental Health; Child Protection; Education; Women’s Protection and Empowerment; Economic Recovery and Development and Protection. Most of these programs are driven in partnership with strategic local NGOs. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Requisition ID: req11012Location: AbujaEmployment Type: Full-TimeEmployment Category: RegularSector: Supply ChainOpen to Expatriates: No Position Overview Major Responsibilities Key Working Relationships: Other Internal and / or external contacts: Qualifications Working Environment: Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Procurement Assistant at the International Rescue Committee (IRC) – Abuja appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The International Rescue Committee (IRC), one of the world's largest humanitarian agencies, provides relief, rehabilitation and post-conflict reconstruction support to victims of natural disaster, oppression and violent conflict in 42 countries. The IRC is committed to bold leadership, innovation and creative partnerships. Active in child protection, public health, education, livelihoods,… September 28, 2018 In "Jobs" The International Rescue Committee (IRC) responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC offers lifesaving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today… October 22, 2020 In "Jobs" The International Rescue Committee (IRC) responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC offers lifesaving care and life-changing assistance to people affected by war or disaster. At work today in over… December 5, 2019 In "Gists"