Development Alternatives Incorporated (DAI) is an international development company. For more than 45 years, we have worked on the frontlines of international development, tackling fundamental social and economic development problems caused by inefficient markets, ineffective governance, and instability. Currently, DAI is delivering results that matter in some 80 countries. Our development solutions turn ideas into impact by bringing together fresh combinations of expertise and innovation across multiple disciplines. Our clients include international development agencies, international lending institutions, private corporations and philanthropies, and national governments. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Locations: Adamawa, Bauchi, Ebonyi and Gombe Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Gombe, Sokoto, and Adamawa Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Bauchi Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Bauchi Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Bauchi, Gombe, Sokoto, Adamawa, and Ebonyi Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Bauchi, Gombe, Sokoto, Adamawa, and Ebonyi Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Bauchi Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Adamawa, Bauchi, Ebonyi, Gombe and Sokoto Deadline: 4th December, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Nigeria Deadline: 31st December, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Development Alternatives Incorporated (10 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.