Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now, and for the future. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Gombe Deadline: 12th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Borno Deadline: 11th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Borno Deadline: 10th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Borno Deadline: 10th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Borno Deadline: 10th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Borno Deadline: 9th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Adamawa Deadline: 6th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Mercy Corps Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now,… March 25, 2020 In "Gists" Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now,… February 10, 2020 In "Gists" Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we collaborate to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within, now… November 18, 2019 In "Gists"