Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has moved to calm speculation surrounding a potential new deal for Mohamed Elneny, albeit whilst admitting that he is ‘really pleased’ with the form of the midfielder. Egyptian international Elneny has proven one of the main talking points on the red half of north London this week. The 28-year-old of course returned to the Emirates this summer, on the back of a season on loan in Turkey with Besiktas. Eyebrows were raised when Mikel Arteta opted against his permanent sale, as Arsenal sought out fresh funds for reinforcements on the transfer front. However, to say that Elneny has since proven his manager right would be putting it lightly. The former Basel man has slotted seamlessly into the base of the Gunners’ midfield, showcasing a new-found composure and will to drive forward, whilst continuing to prove a menace defensively. His fine form culminated in Elneny being handed a starting berth for Arsenal’s Premier League meeting with Manchester United last weekend, ahead of both Granit Xhaka and Dani Ceballos. And the north African, alongside summer arrival Thomas Partey, went on to absolutely dominate the middle of the park at Old Trafford, in undoubtedly his finest display to date in the colours of the capital giants. We need to talk about how well Mohamed Elneny is playing for Arsenal 91st minute and he does this Manchester United had no answers  pic.twitter.com/5JDZQsoK6M — Goal (@goal) November 2, 2020 The days since Arsenal’s win in Manchester have seen Elneny deservedly showered in praise, by fans and pundits alike. In fact, speculation in the media has even suggested that those in a position of power at the Emirates were so impressed by the midfielder, that they have begun drawing up a new contract, to extend his stay beyond next summer. And, as outlined above, Mikel Arteta has since been drawn on such a possibility. Speaking in a press conference ahead of his side’s Europa League meeting with Molde, the Arsenal boss, though, urged for calm, explaining: ‘Let’s go step by step please! What I can say is that I’m really pleased with the player and hopefully he can continue like that and perform all season.’ Arteta also went on to praise Elneny, confirming that he has been ‘really pleased’ by the Egyptian’s performances to start the season: ‘I think he’s responding really well to all the challenges we’re putting in front of him. He had a big one when he came back from his loan spell to show what he can bring to the squad. I think everybody’s seen what he can do. I’m really pleased with his performances and what he can bring to the team.’ Quotes via Goal Arsenal vs Molde live streaming: Watch Europa League online England squad unveiled: Man United pair miss out as Southgate backs no.1 Jordan Pickford Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Updates on the futures of a pair of Arsenal stars who could well find playing time tough to come by this season have been forthcoming online this evening. Loan departure incoming? First up comes the latest on Reiss Nelson. 20-year-old Gunners youth product Nelson spent last season back at the… September 23, 2020 In "Sports" Mikel Arteta is reportedly ready to let five players leave the Emirates to muster some transfer funds for the summer. Arsenal are unlikely to have major transfer funds in the summer unless they sell some of their players, and Football London claims Arteta has identified five individuals he would be… March 23, 2020 In "Sports" Mikel Arteta has this evening spoken out on the situation of Matteo Guendouzi, amid surprise speculation that the Arsenal youngster is eyeing a departure from the club. Guendouzi’s week to forget The media coverage surrounding Guendouzi has been rampant over the course of the last week. This comes after the… June 27, 2020 In "Sports"