Barcelona have this evening been dealt what could prove to be a serious blow on the injury front. Ronald Koeman’s men welcomed Real Betis to the Camp Nou a short time ago, for their latest La Liga outing. The Blaugrana headed into proceedings aware that they simply could not afford to drop points, on the back of a dismal opening to the club’s domestic campaign. A 1-1 stalemate with Alaves last weekend left Barca languishing in 14th in the La Liga table ahead of today’s clash. As such, it no doubt came as a major relief for all associated with the club when a comfortable victory was eventually forthcoming. Despite a couple of scares courtesy of a plucky Betis side, the Lionel Messi-inspired hosts emerged from proceedings on the right side of a 5-2 result. The aforementioned Messi, despite starting on the bench, bagged a 2nd-half brace, after Ousmane Dembele and Antoine Griezmann had both found the net either side of the interval. Lionel Messi with an emphatic finish into the roof of the net! The substitute has two goals and a brilliant step over to set up another since coming on for the second half  pic.twitter.com/663d07oVM3 — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) November 7, 2020 Youngster Pedri, meanwhile, rounded out the afternoon’s scoring, slotting home at the back post to finish off a slick Barcelona team move. An otherwise positive day’s work for Koeman’s men, however, was soured considerably by a blow on the personnel front. Man of the Match Messi was only introduced at the interval versus Betis, in place of Ansu Fati. This came after the Spanish starlet went to ground clutching his knee late in the first-half. The seriousness of Ansu’s issue was not immediately clear, but, as outlined above, an update on the situation has since been forthcoming. And the news, unfortunately, appears far from reassuring. Taking to social media a short time ago, Barcelona confirmed that their crown jewel has torn the meniscus in his left knee. Further tests will be carried out over the days to come, to ascertain the full extent of the damage. As things stand, though, it looks likely that Ansu is set for a considerable spell on the sidelines. LATEST NEWS  Tests carried out this afternoon have shown that Ansu Fati has an internal meniscus tear in his left knee. The treatment to be followed will be determined in the coming days. pic.twitter.com/CF3FZaur5P — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) November 7, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Barcelona have this evening been dealt a potential blow on the injury front, after talisman Lionel Messi failed to emerge for the second-half of the club’s meeting with Villarreal. Barca back on track The Spanish champions welcomed Javier Calleja’s Villarreal to the Camp Nou a short time ago, for their… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Spanish champions Barcelona were this evening dealt a blow on the injury front, during the club’s meeting with Levante. Barca shocked Ernesto Valverde’s men travelled to the Estadi Ciutat de València a short time ago, for their latest La Liga outing. The Blaugrana headed into proceedings in fine form of… November 2, 2019 In "Sports" Barcelona boss Ronald Koeman has provided an explanation for talisman Lionel Messi being left on the bench from the off versus Real Betis this afternoon. Messi inspires The Blaugrana welcomed Betis to the Camp Nou a short time ago, for their latest La Liga outing. Barca headed into proceedings well… November 8, 2020 In "Sports"