An update on the fitness of Liverpool defender Trent Alexander-Arnold has been forthcoming on Monday evening, with the news far from positive from a Reds perspective. The marquee fixture of the Premier League weekend of course took place in Manchester a little over 24 hours ago. Man City welcomed Liverpool to the Etihad, for a highly-anticipated meeting between the champions of the last two seasons. And, when the 90 minutes were said and done, the two sides couldn’t be separated. Liverpool took the lead inside the opening quarter of an hour, when, after Kyle Walker had needlessly downed Sadio Mane in the Citizens’ box, Mo Salah stepped up to slot home beyond Ederson. Pep Guardiola’s hosts, though, were soon back on level terms, as a moment of magic on the part of Gabriel Jesus saw the Brazilian roll Trent Alexander-Arnold with a wonderful turn, before prodding past the advancing Alisson. The sides exchanged chances as the clash wore on, with a missed Kevin De Bruyne penalty the most clear-cut of them all. In the end, though, neither could find an all-important winner, Whilst, based on the balance of play on Sunday, Liverpool were likely actually content with departing the Etihad with a share of the spoils, the Merseysiders were also dealt a concerning blow on the personnel front. The player to have picked up the problem was Trent Alexander-Arnold. Just past the hour-mark, full-back TAA went to ground clutching his calf, before limping off to be replaced by James Milner. Jurgen Klopp was drawn on his stopper’s wellbeing during his post-match press conference last night, with the Liverpool boss having gone on to confirm that Alexander-Arnold had been ruled out of England’s upcoming round of fixtures: ‘He will be out of England. Scan tomorrow and then we will see.’ Fans of the Premier League champions, though, had since faced an anxious wait for a further update on Alexander-Arnold. And, as outlined above, such an update has since been forthcoming. The news, however, is not at all what the Liverpool faithful would have been hoping for. As confirmed by a number of reliable sources online this evening, TAA is expected to be sidelined for up to 4 weeks with a calf injury. The 22-year-old therefore looks likely, at a minimum, to miss Liverpool’s meetings with all of Leicester, Atalanta, Brighton and Ajax following the international break. Liverpool’s Trent Alexander-Arnold set to be out for up to four weeks following injury against Manchester City. — paul joyce (@_pauljoyce) November 9, 2020 Latest bad news for Liverpool with injuries is that Trent Alexander-Arnold seems likely to miss the next 4 weeks due to calf injury sustained against Man City; will be absent for games v Leicester, Brighton & possibly Wolves — Dominic King (@DominicKing_DM) November 9, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. A brief update on the wellbeing of Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold has been forthcoming online this evening. All square at the Etihad The marquee fixture of the Premier League weekend took place in Manchester a short time ago. Man City welcomed Liverpool to the Etihad, for a highly-anticipated meeting between… November 9, 2020 In "Sports" Crystal Palace have this evening been dealt a hugely concerning blow on the personnel front, after star man Wilfried Zaha was forced off during the club’s meeting with Liverpool. Liverpool on top Roy Hodgson’s men are currently locked in action with the Premier League table-toppers at Anfield. A Liverpool victory… June 24, 2020 In "Sports" A Manchester United spokesperson has this evening confirmed that the fan found guilty of racial abuse during the club’s meeting with Liverpool has been slapped with an indefinite ban. United 1-1 Liverpool Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men welcomed their fierce rivals to Old Trafford on Sunday evening, for a high-profile Premier… October 22, 2019 In "Sports"