Tottenham travelled to Bulgaria on Thursday evening for their latest Europa League clash of the season. Spurs headed into the tie looking to bounce back from their rather shocking 1-0 defeat vs Belgian outfit Antwerp last time out. Said loss saw Spurs fall to 2nd in the group, meaning a win vs Ludogorets was very important on Thursday. Jose Mourinho seemed to be well aware of this as he put out a rather strong starting eleven, which included the likes of Harry Kane and Gareth Bale. The former of that duo was making his 300th appearances for Spurs, and certainly marked it in style: Spurs appearances for @HKane! #UEL #COYS pic.twitter.com/JCVdNFp89a — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 5, 2020 Tottenham would dominate Ludogorets from the get-go and were eventually rewarded 13 minutes in. Harry Kane rose highest to head in a Lucas Moura corner and fire Jose Mourinho’s men into the lead. Said goal came as Kane’s 200th for the Lilywhites, making him the club’s 3rd all-time top scorer. LANDMARK Tottenham gamesTottenham goals Harry Kane reaches his double century for Spurs! pic.twitter.com/XgZnRfmvLm — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 5, 2020 It is also worth noting that Kane reached the 200-goal mark quicker than Thierry Henry, Alan Shearer and Wayne Rooney did for Arsenal, Newcastle and Manchester United: For comparison: Aguero 200 City goals in 293 gamesHenry 200 Arsenal goals in 321 gamesShearer 200 Newcastle goals in 380 gamesRooney 200 Man Utd goals in 405 games#THFC #COYS — Jonathan Veal (@jonathandveal83) November 5, 2020 Kane would then turn provider 33 minutes in, setting up Lucas to double Spurs’ advantage. The hitman was then taken off at the break, but the Lilywhites were still able to go on and clinch a 3-1 win. See also: Southampton vs Newcastle United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Everton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.