Basic Consumer Kash (Ebonyi) Cooperative Society Limited is the second-largest cooperative after the Nigeria Police Force cooperative with well over 1,000,000 active members. It was established in 2006. The Ebonyi State branch of BC KASH was opened in 14th of April 2016 and licensed to operate in all local governments of Ebonyi State. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Locations: Abakiliki, Afikpo, Onueke, Ishielu and Ivo, EbonyiEmployment Type: Internship Responsibilities for Account Officer Qualifications SalaryN40,000 – N60,000 monthly. Application Closing Date25th February, 2021. The post Account Officers at Basic Consumer Kash Ebonyi Cooperative Society Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Osogbo – Sequel to the directive by Governor Adegboyega Oyetola to stop payment of salary deductions directly to Ministries, Department and Agencies, arrangements have been concluded to commence automation of deductions into cooperatives, Departments and Agencies. Bola Oyebamiji, the supervisor for Finance, who disclosed this at a meeting of finance conglomerate… July 4, 2019 In "News" Paymyrent.ng is a fin-tech startup helping tenants to automatically save for their rent as well as access quick loan for house rent. We provide financial services under a Cooperative License ‘Paymyrent cooperative Multipurpose society’, with a registration number LSCS16730. Paymyrent Nigeria is a legal entity in Nigeria. Our investment professionals… December 22, 2019 In "Gists" Chevron Employees Multipurpose Cooperative Society (CEMCS Ltd.) – The Society was first registered as Gulf Oil Employees Cooperative Society in 1966. It Changed name to Chevron Employees Cooperative Thrift and Credit Society Limited (CECT & CS LTD) in 1995 inline with the host company’s change management. It was Upgraded to… June 1, 2020 In "Jobs"