A wonderfully-worked team goal on the part of Arsenal’s U23 side this weekend saw William Saliba’s impressive talents on the ball take centre stage. Steve Bould’s men welcomed Derby to Meadow Park on Saturday evening, for a Premier League 2 clash. The Gunners headed into proceedings with their tails up, on the back of a much-needed upturn in form of late. After securing just 2 points from their opening 7 outings of the season, Arsenal’s Academy side looked early candidates for relegation, alongside the likes of West Ham and Southampton. The last couple of weeks, with the help of a number of former first first-team regulars, however, saw the north Londoners secure a pair of consecutive wins, over Blackburn and Everton. And the vast improvement being enjoyed by Bould’s outfit continued versus Derby a little over 24 hours ago. An entertaining affair eventually saw Arsenal emerge with a 3-1 victory, guiding them to 9th in the Premier League 2 table in the process. Ben Cottrell opened the scoring, slotting home from the penalty spot inside the opening quarter of an hour: @BenCottrell8 ©#AFCU23  pic.twitter.com/xP9J1VJLzP — Arsenal Academy (@ArsenalAcademy) November 28, 2020 Derby, though, levelled things up with 42 minutes on the clock, to send the sides into the break with the scoreline locked at a goal apiece. The highly-regarded Nikolaj Moller, who has impressed since making the move to north London during the summer, then put Arsenal back in front early in the 2nd-half, after being afforded too much space in the visitors’ box. It was the Gunners’ 3rd and final goal of the evening on Saturday, however, which has since taken centre stage in the post-match chatter. This comes with Kido Taylor-Hart’s eventual finish having come at the end of a sumptuous team move on the part of the capital giants. And it will no doubt come as music to the ears of the Arsenal faithful to hear that William Saliba – who’s difficulties in carving out a first-team spot for himself have been widely documented of late – proved the catalyst in setting his side’s result-clinching strike in motion. After picking the ball up on the edge of his own box, French stopper Saliba surged forward with equal pace and poise, bursting past a pair of Derby stars, before laying a simple pass into midfield. From here, the ball was moved from out wide back in to the edge of the away side’s box, eventually resulting in a series of sleek passes teeing up Taylor-Hart to find the far corner: A wonderful team goal from #AFCU23 Kido Taylor-Hart with the finish  pic.twitter.com/UBylWDC14E — Arsenal Academy (@ArsenalAcademy) November 28, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.