Week seven of the 2020/21 Premier League season is set to draw to a close on Monday evening. The final fixture of the game-week pits Leeds against Leicester, in what should be an action-packed tie. Leeds look set to be this season’s surprise package, having won three of their six outings thus far, whilst playing some entertaining football along the way. Leicester, meanwhile, despite surprise defeats vs West Ham and Aston Villa, have won their other four Premier League outings – including victories against Arsenal and Manchester City. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the game here: Premier League Predictions, Tips & line ups Leeds United vs Leicester City https://t.co/5dnIz1VFDl — 101 Great Goals (@102greatgoals) November 1, 2020 Ahead of his side’s trip to Leeds, Brendan Rodgers has provided a team news update on his squad. First, the Leicester boss confirmed that Timothy Castagne, who missed the Foxes’ midweek Europa League win, has a hamstring issue, and is likely to be out until after the upcoming international break: “Timothy has tweaked his hamstring, hence the reason he didn’t travel, so he’ll probably be out until after the international break, which is a shame. “It’s not too bad, but it’ll keep him out for this next period.” Jonny Evans also missed the trip to Greece, with Rodgers having had the following to say regarding the stopper: “Jonny landed really awkwardly against Arsenal and he obviously played on and the back stiffened up a little bit. “We wanted to give him every chance to play against AEK and he trained in the warm-up the night before, but he had to go in as he was suffering with his back. “That meant we had to rejig it and Fuchsy (Christian Fuchs), who was planned not to play, we gave him 45 minutes, so we didn’t risk him any longer.” Finally, the Leicester boss provided an update on long-term absentee Ricardo Pereira: “We took Ricardo out to continue with his rehabilitation,” the Northern Irishman confirmed. “He’s obviously getting close, but he won’t feature before the international break.” Brendan Rodgers gave an update on injuries to Timothy Castagne and Jonny Evans, while also providing a potential return date for Ricardo Pereira! — Leicester City (@LCFC) October 31, 2020 See also: Leeds United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Fulham vs West Brom betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.