iMMAP is an international nongovernmental organisation that provides information management services to humanitarian and development organizations. Through information management, we help our partners target assistance to the world’s most vulnerable populations. Our core philosophy is that better data leads to better decisions and that better decisions lead to better outcomes. iMMAP’s critical support to information value chains helps to solve operational and strategic challenges of our partners in both emergency and development contexts by enabling evidence-based decision-making for better outcomes. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Location: AbujaJob Type: Full Time BackgroundWith challenges around the duplication of efforts and recognizing the urgent need for effective coordination in the delivery of aid in north-east Nigeria, Nigeria INGO Forum (NIF) was born in October 2014. NIF was established in 2014 to facilitate the coordination and cooperation of humanitarian and development INGOs and between INGOs and external stakeholders including Government of Nigeria, Nigerian civil society, UN agencies, diplomatic actors, and donors. iMMAP program in Nigeria started late 2016 and was designed to support the response to the ongoing crisis in the Northeast of the country, by strengthening the information management (IM) capacity of the responders within the different humanitarian sectors. The target beneficiaries of this program are the humanitarian partners (who are all sectors members) and the United Nations Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs [UNOCHA] in its mandated inter-cluster coordination role. As of October 2020, the Nigeria INGO Forum is now hosted by iMMAP. Description of DutiesFinance & Grant Management: Membership Support Management: PSEA Focal Point: HR and Administrative Management: RequirementsEducation: Experience: Soft skills: Application Closing Date15th December, 2020. The post Program Officer – Nigeria INGO Forum at iMMAP Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.