The latest round of Nations League fixtures played out this evening have since given rise to a host of fascinating stats and highlights. Luis Enrique’s Spain made the trip to Basel, for their penultimate Group D outing. The visitors, despite their hit-and-miss Nations League campaign thus far, for obvious reasons, headed into proceedings as favourites to bag all 3 points. When all was said and done, however, La Roja were forced to make do with a last-gasp share of the spoils. Switzerland took the lead in the clash with 26 minutes on the clock, through Remo Freuler. And the hosts managed to cling to their advantage until the final minute of normal time, only for substitute Gerard Moreno to break Swiss hearts with an equaliser at the death: Spain snatch a point! Despite Sergio Ramos’ woes from the spot, Gerard Moreno punished 10-man Switzerland late on to spare his captain’s blushes! Follow post-match reaction: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/eoJLzXS1EW — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 It is not Moreno, though, who has since taken centre stage in the post-match chatter. Instead, it is Sergio Ramos. Real Madrid captain Ramos overtook Italian legend Gianluigi Buffon in the history books of international football tonight, with his 177th cap for his country: Sergio Ramos tonight makes his 177th appearance for Spain, surpassing Gianluigi Buffon to become the all-time record appearance holder at international level from a UEFA nation. He’s just seven away from the world record now too.  pic.twitter.com/HpaBpOTDip — Squawka Football (@Squawka) November 14, 2020 The veteran’s subsequent display, however, proved one to forget. Incredibly, Ramos missed not one, but two penalties, bringing to an end a remarkable run from 12 yards for the Spanish stopper: RAMOS MISSES AGAIN! The Spain skipper got a second opportunity from the penalty spot, but once again he was unable to convert! Follow live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/LuyCpf7Kpj — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 Sergio Ramos hadn’t missed a penalty in 730 days before tonight, scoring 25 penalties for club and country. Tonight he misses two in 23 minutes. — Get Spanish Football News (@GSpanishFN) November 14, 2020 Elsewhere in Group D, meanwhile, Germany, who have also flattered to deceive thus far in the Nations League, got things back on track. Jogi Low’s men welcomed Ukraine to the Red Bull Arena in Leipzig, aiming to leapfrog Spain into top spot. And, when all was said and done, this is precisely what the hosts managed, courtesy of a 3-1 win. It was actually Ukraine who took the lead in the clash, when Roman Yaremchuk found the net inside the opening quarter of an hour. Germany, though, were soon back on terms, courtesy of Leroy Sane. And from here on in, it proved the Timo Werner show, as the Chelsea hitman continued his fine recent spell of form with a brace either side of the interval: It was some response from Germany after going behind. Chelsea fans will be pleased to see Timo Werner on the scoresheet once again! They lead 2-1 with the second half underway… Follow live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/vmZ9xPlAR2 — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 Werner has now notched 7 goals in his last 5 appearances for club and country: https://t.co/ONBftxjHlK — Squawka Football (@Squawka) November 14, 2020 Another member of Frank Lampard’s Blues squad also proved the match-winner for France. Les Bleus made the trip to Portugal a short time ago, for the evening’s most highly anticipated fixture. The two sides were locked on 10 points atop the Group C table ahead of kick-off, with both Croatia and Sweden already out of the running for qualification. And, when all was said and done at the Estadio da Luz, it was the world champions who got the better of the European champions, by a solitary goal. The only strike of the evening came early in the 2nd-half, when Adrien Rabiot’s drive across goal was kept out, only for the arriving N’Golo Kante to slot home on the rebound: Kante converts for France! Patricio palms away Rabiot’s effort but the Chelsea midfielder makes no mistake from close range! Watch live on Sky Sports Football Follow live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/luTwry1ODg — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 A number of Didier Deschamps’ France squad shone tonight, with the likes of Presnel Kimpembe, Antoine Griezmann and the aforementioned Rabiot all impressive. However, none stood out more than Kante, who’s all-action midfield masterclass is summed up by the statistics showcased below: N’Golo Kanté’s game by numbers for France vs. Portugal: 100% shot-conversion100% aerials won89 touches88% passing accuracy5 tackles won (most)4 interceptions (most)2 take-ons completed (=most)1 clearance1 chance created1 shot1 goal A match-winning performance.  pic.twitter.com/KLq6jlFjUm — Squawka Football (@Squawka) November 14, 2020 Whilst Kante, versus Portugal, continued to remind fans exactly why, on his day, he is one of world football’s finest in his position, though, the same could not be said for Anthony Martial. The Manchester United hitman could not be accused of a lack of effort tonight, but simply could not find a way past Rui Patricio: Brilliant from Patricio! Anthony Martial thought he’d given France the lead, but the Portugal keeper pulled off a stunning save from point-blank range. Will either side make the breakthrough in the second half? Live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/Lb55Qj4lrC — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 As such, on the back of another scoreless outing for his country, Martial’s wait for a first international goal since 2016 rumbles on… 22 – Anthony Martial has failed to score with each of his last 22 shots with the French national team. Cursed. pic.twitter.com/xt6dA27mBb — OptaJean (@OptaJean) November 14, 2020 The last of Saturday’s Nations League matchups saw Sweden welcome Croatia to Stockholm. Both sides, as outlined above, have endured campaigns to forget thus far, with Sweden having sat bottom of the Group C table, without a point to their name, ahead of kick-off. Visitors Croatia, though, had not exactly fared much better, having notched just a solitary win before making the trip to the Friends Arena. And, when the 90 minutes were up, the woes of the 2018 World Cup finalists continued. Sweden opened the evening’s scoring shortly before the interval, courtesy of a pinpoint finish from Juventus prodigy Dejan Kulusevski: Sweden are in command in Stockholm! Here’s how the hosts took the lead, courtesy of a fine finish from Dejan Kulusevski. Live updates: https://t.co/7yOBfglE2c pic.twitter.com/MV1OkFxj8p — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) November 14, 2020 Marcus Danielson then doubled the home side’s lead during first-half stoppage time, to leave Croatia with a considerable hill to climb. Zlatko Dalic’s men did manage to pull one back 10 minutes from time, when goalscorer Danielson put through his own net. However, in the end, it proved little more than a consolation, as Sweden got their first Nations League points on the board, at the 5th time of asking. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.