Southampton are expected to announce today that they’ve agreed a new deal with manager Ralph Hasenhuttl. After joining the Saints in December 2018, Hasenhuttl has now agreed a new 4-year deal to stay at St Mary’s. News of the agreement has been revealed by the PA’s chief football writer Simon Peach. #SaintsFC manager Ralph Hasenhuttl has agreed a new four-year contract. Confirmation expected Tuesday — Simon Peach (@SimonPeach) June 1, 2020 Earlier in the season, Southampton were staring into the abyss following a 9-0 mauling at home against Leicester. However the Saints kept faith in their German manager, and Southampton have rebounded in the following months. When the Premier League stopped in March, Southampton were 14th in the league on 34 points. They are 7 points clear of Bournemouth in 18th. Irish international striker Shane Long is also on course to sign a contract extension with the Saints. Long’s contract on the south coast expires on June 30, 2020. This season, the 33-year-old attacker has played 19 times for Southampton in the league. He’s scored twice and chipped in with three assists. The Daily Echo have today reported: The Daily Echo is led to believe that striker Shane Long will be the next Saint to sign a new contract. The Irishman’s current deal runs out at the end of June, but he wants to stay, and the club also want him to remain at St Mary’s. #SaintsFC boss Hasenhuttl’s new four-year deal will be announced tomorrow. Ralph said that he wants to repay the club for sticking by him after the 0-9 defeat to Leicester and his new contract backs that up. My understanding is that Shane Long’s deal will be next. — Dan Sheldon (@dansheldonsport) June 1, 2020 News of these forthcoming contract extensions come at a time when Southampton fans have been reading regular updates claiming the club is up for sale. Less than a month ago, the Sunday Times reported that Saints owner Gao Jisheng wants to sell the club: The Sunday Times understands that more than one broker has been invited to source a buyer for Southampton at an asking price of about £250 million. Also, back in March, Southampton announced a loss of £39.3 million for the year ending June 30, 2019. That was a drop of nearly £75 million from the previous year. However, it must be noted that others have claimed that the ‘Southampton up for sale’ story isn’t true. Toby Steele also says that there is no truth in reports that Southampton is up for sale  #SaintsFC pic.twitter.com/BYObEZ4sNj — BBC Solent Sport (@solentsport) March 13, 2020 Also see: Leo Messi’s Barcelona free agent exit clause has expired & Man City to complete Nelson Semedo signing. Arsenal offer Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang a contract extension. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.