On Thursday, the Times have dropped a nugget of information regarding the upcoming Premier League fixture list for the remainder of the 2019-20 season. The Premier League is set to return on June 17. Now, the Times have released the following updates on the likely TV schedule: Sky will screen the first matches when the league restarts on June 17; Aston Villa v Sheffield United at 6pm and Manchester City v Arsenal at 8pm, and is also set to show Tottenham v Manchester United on the evening of Friday 19. BT Sport’s first game is likely to be Watford v Leicester City on the Saturday lunchtime. Fans will be able to watch more than a third of the remaining Premier League games this season without having to pay for a subscription after Amazon confirmed it would make its four matches free to air, reports @martynziegler https://t.co/YckVrKxEW0 — Times Sport (@TimesSport) June 4, 2020 Sky Sports have also backed up suggestions that Tottenham will take on Man United in the first round of fixtures when the Premier League restarts. Am I missing something @LetsTalk_FPL @FFScout, or does this Sky Sports article about Vertonghen’s contract suggest Spurs and United will play each other in the opening gameweek? pic.twitter.com/OwBaXtKPRN — FPLvis (@FPLvis) June 4, 2020 Prior to the suspension of the Premier League in March, the fixture list was as follows. Bournemouth v Crystal PalaceAston Villa v ChelseaBrighton v ArsenalEverton v LiverpoolManchester City v BurnleyNewcastle United v Sheffield UnitedNorwich City v SouthamptonTottenham Hotspur v Manchester UnitedWatford v Leicester CityWest Ham United v Wolverhampton According to the Guardian, “the Premier League is close to presenting a provisional fixture list for the remainder of the season to its clubs”. While the Premier League clubs will discuss the fixtures at today’s latest Project Restart meeting, it’s unclear when a provisional schedule will actually be made public. There are still 92 matches remaining in the league. Aside from the final day of the season, which will see 10 matches all played at the same time, the remaining 82 Premier League fixtures will all have individual time slots so each game can be broadcast live. The games will either air on Sky, BT Sport, Amazon Prime or BBC. BT Sport the only one of 4 broadcasters not to offer any of the remaining Premier League games free pic.twitter.com/HIfDMINKo7 — Daily Cannon (@DailyCannon) June 4, 2020 However, while the wall-to-wall football may be a festival for armchair fans, it’s likely to be gruelling for the players. The Guardian have confirmed that some “unlucky” teams face “a sequence of three games in seven days.” Some Premier League clubs to face three matches in seven days. By @DaveHytner https://t.co/3rLKtXWA1K — Guardian sport (@guardian_sport) June 3, 2020 Also see: At least 37 Covid-19 deaths linked to Manchester United vs Man City. UK government claim that Liverpool vs Atletico was ‘low risk’ was an assumption made without any scientific basis. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Premier League green light Phase 2 of Project Restart Another milestone was completed on Wednesday regarding the hopeful restart of the 2019-20 Premier League season, as all 20 clubs agreed to move into Phase 2 of the training protocols. Players will now be able to start contact training, including tackling.… May 27, 2020 In "Sports" The Premier League is returning after an enforced break due to the coronavirus pandemic, and it promises to be a feast for armchair supporters. No fans will be permitted to attend due to public health restrictions, but fans will be more connected than ever to their team and the action… May 29, 2020 In "Sports" The Premier League’s empty stadium problem In a little over two weeks, on June 17, the 2019-20 Premier League season is scheduled to resume. On that day, Man City are set to host Arsenal, while Aston Villa take on Sheffield United. These matches are scheduled to be held behind closed… May 31, 2020 In "Sports"