There was a nasty incident in the final stages of Man City’s match against Arsenal on Wednesday. As Arsenal tried to build an attack with a ball over the top, Ederson raced off his line to clear the danger. Unfortunately, Ederson wiped out 19-year-old centre-half Eric Garcia in the process. Garcia, who had impressed against the Gunners, needed oxygen and a stretcher to exit the game. After the match, Pep Guardiola confirmed that the young Spaniard had been taken to hospital as a precaution. On Thursday, City defender Aymeric Laporte has posted good news on Garcia. Laporte says his centre-half partner is “OK… he just needs a couple days to rest but he will be fine soon enough.” u guys been asking me a lot about Eric : he’s OK fam  he just needs a couple days to rest but he will be fine soon enough  @ericgm3 — Aymeric Laporte (@Laporte) June 18, 2020 Ederson has also posted a photo with Garcia at Man City training on Thursday. The team mates held hands in a sign of no hard feelings after the collision. Ederson: "Well and back " [IG] pic.twitter.com/Y0XH3lrOMB — Man City Report (@cityreport_) June 18, 2020 Raheem Sterling fired Man City ahead just before the break following an error from David Luiz. Luiz’s horror show continued after the break. He fouled Riyad Mahrez in the box, Luiz was sent off and Kevin De Bruyne scored the penalty. A late goal from Phil Foden wrapped up the points. While Laporte’s update suggests that Garcia could return to action in the near future, he’s unlikely to be available for City’s next match against Burnley on Monday. Should Garcia miss out, Fernandinho could step in instead. Other options including Nicolas Otamendi or John Stones. Stones did not even make the bench against Arsenal. Pep Guardiola, who is famed for rotating his squad game to game, indicated that he may make other changes for the Burnley game. Before Arsenal, Guardiola doubted that his players were fit enough. While after the match, he said: We have one eye on the next game. Aymeric Laporte was out for a long injury. We have players who play 50, 60 minutes which is good. And can maybe play the next one good. Also see: Everton FC vs Liverpool FC live streaming & betting tips. Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.