Spanish paper Mundo Deportivo ran a story this week claiming that Barcelona were attempting to lure Eric Garcia from Man City. Mundo Deportivo dubbed Eric Garcia the new Gerard Pique: a Spanish defender who grew up in La Masia, was developed in Manchester, who Barcelona could re-sign at a young age and then keep as a mainstay for years to come. Garcia’s Man City contract only expires in 2022, while MD claimed Barcelona sources have confirmed the club are tracking the 19-year-old. View this post on Instagram Feels good to be back! A post shared by  Eric Garcia Martret (@ericgm3) on May 24, 2020 at 12:07pm PDT However, the Times on Thursday announce that Man City have no intention of allowing Garcia to move to Barcelona. Not only that, Man City are looking to extend the defender’s contract: (Man City) are hopeful of persuading Eric García to sign a new contract amid interest in the 19-year-old defender from his former club Barcelona. Barcelona want García to re-sign for them, but Pep Guardiola, the City manager, is a big admirer of the Spaniard and is unwilling to sell him. Txiki Begiristain, City’s director of football, called García’s agent, Iván de la Peña, recently and told him that the club would be open to extending his present contract, which expires in 2022. More information has come out concerning Man City’s legal appeal over their 2-year UEFA ban. It’s been confirmed that Man City’s court dates in their appeal against a 2-year Champions League ban will be from June 8-10. Man City are currently banned from playing in any UEFA competition for the next twenty-four months following “serious breaches” of the financial fair play rules. Manchester United are presently poised to benefit from City’s ban. The Red Devils are 5th in the Premier League, and they are presently on course to be the league’s 4th representative in the Champions League. Of course, if City win their ban, Man United would enter the Europa League instead. Both Man City and Manchester City could be forced to wait up to 2 months to find out which of them will compete in next season’s Champions League. The Mirror have reported: Court of Arbitration for Sport sources have revealed a final decision on City’s Champions League fate for next season could take up to two months to be delivered. UEFA and City want the appeal decision delivered before the draw is made for next season’s Champions League group stage, to avoid unnecessary complications. Clubs could face uncertainty going into the final few weeks of the season https://t.co/pr6ISe7eeQ — Mirror Football (@MirrorFootball) June 3, 2020 Also see: Man City’s Champions League ban appeal will be held in secret. At least 37 Covid-19 deaths linked to Manchester United vs Man City. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.