Portuguese paper Record have published new quotes from Benfica president Luis Filipe Vieira on the possibility that David Luiz could leave Arsenal to rejoin the Super Eagles. David Luiz is out of contract this summer, and he’s yet to agree a new deal to stay with the Gunners. Yet, according to Benfica’s Vieira, he’s spoken to Arsenal’s defender this week, and Luiz is about to sign a new contract at the Emirates Stadium: I spoke to him yesterday again. We have a father-son relationship. He was in the car with a businessman, preparing to renew with Arsenal. He is someone who loves Benfica, but there is something he is: he is a great professional and he has to earn money. What he earns is unthinkable for Benfica to pay. The day might come when David Luiz says ‘I want to leave here (Arsenal)’. If he is 35 years old, in perfect condition, we will sign David Luiz – of course! (But) eight million (euros a season in wages?)… As a father, I would say no. Benfica – Luís Filipe Vieira revela as condições para um eventual regresso de David Luiz https://t.co/8p0qGGpa0D — Diário Record (@Record_Portugal) June 1, 2020 The Daily Mail also believe that David Luiz will sign a new Arsenal deal. It’s claimed that Luiz will agree a new one-year deal, however he’ll take a pay-cut on his current £120,000-a-week salary. On Monday, French paper L’Equipe announced that Arsenal have offered star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang a contract extension. Aubameyang only has one year remaining on his current Gunners deal. If the 30-year-old Gabonese attacker opts against signing a new deal, Aubameyang would be a free agent in 2021. However, several reports have muddied the issue regarding the supposed Aubameyang contract offer. ESPN’s Julien Laurens has posted a clear message on social media: “Arsenal have not offered Aubameyang a new deal.” Arsenal have not offered Aubameyang a new deal. @ESPNFC — Julien Laurens (@LaurensJulien) June 1, 2020 Meanwhile, Italian transfer guru Fabrizio Romano has claimed that “Arsenal are offering a new contract to (Aubameyang) since December”, however the striker has so far refused to agree a new deal. Arsenal are offering a new contract to Auba since December, the problem is what he will decide… he always refused during last months so we’ll see if he’ll decide to leave or extend his contract — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) June 1, 2020 This season, Aubameyang has scored 21 goals in 30 games for Arsenal. In the Premier League, Aubameyang has scored 17 goals for the Gunners. Only Leicester’s Jamie Vardy (19) has more goals in the league. In total since joining Arsenal in January 2018, Aubameyang has scored 61 goals in 85 games in all competitions. Also see: Leo Messi’s Barcelona free agent exit clause has expired & Man City to complete Nelson Semedo signing. While Liverpool, Chelsea & Man United’s stars pay tribute to George Floyd, Kick It Out petition FA to stop sanctions. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.