The Telegraph have provided a fresh update on Newcastle’s attempts to keep hold of Matty Longstaff. 20-year-old Longstaff is a product of Newcastle’s youth system. The starlet enjoyed several prosperous years in the North East outfit’s youth ranks, notching over 70 appearances for Newcastle’s under-18 and under-23 sides. And, after impressing as part of the Magpies’ academy, the defensive-minded midfielder was finally handed his senior debut for his hometown club earlier this season, versus Leicester City in the League Cup. This was followed a few months later by Steve Bruce handing the youngster his first-ever Premier League appearance. Longstaff started vs Manchester United, and scored the only goal of the game as Newcastle clinched a crucial 1-0 victory. View this post on Instagram It doesn’t get much better than that @nufc A post shared by  Matthew Longstaff (@matthewlongstaff) on Oct 7, 2019 at 11:22am PDT The England under-20 international has since garnered 10 more appearances across all competitions for Newcastle’s senior side. Despite showing huge promise, and having brother Sean playing alongside him at his boyhood club, however, Longstaff’s future at St James’ Park is somewhat up in the air at present. Longstaff’s current deal is set to expire this month, with the midfielder seemingly attracting interest from abroad. It was reported back in March that a ‘handful’ of Italian clubs have shown interest in the Newcastle standout. And now, in the last day or so, links to Italy have once again reemerged. Sky Sports’ Keith Downie reported on Tuesday evening that Longstaff has been offered a contract worth £30,000-a-week to sign for Serie A outfit Udinese. Downie went on to claim that Longstaff had flown out to Italy before lockdown, and held talks over the terms of a 5-year-deal. And though the report alleges that Longstaff wants to stay at Newcastle, Udinese’s contract offer is said to be worth more than double that of the Magpies. According to The Times, Newcastle are only willing to offer their young midfielder around £15,000-a-week. As outlined above, though, a fresh report surrounding Longstaff’s future has suggested that Newcastle are willing to part with more than £15,000. According to the Telegraph, Newcastle United have increased their wage offer to midfielder Matty Longstaff in a bid to persuade him to reject a move to Italian club Udinese. The new sum being offered up by Newcastle is understood to be over £20,000-a-week. See also: Borussia Dortmund vs Hertha BSC live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online RB Leipzig vs SC Paderborn 07 live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.