Gary Neville thinks Paul Pogba is the “one real world-class player” Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has at his disposal at Man Utd. Pogba was brought on as a second-half substitute in the Red Devils’ 1-1 draw at Tottenham on Friday and the Frenchman turned the game, winning a penalty in the 81st-minute as Man Utd grabbed a deserved point. Before the draw at Spurs, Pogba has managed a mere eight appearances across all competitions this season due to foot and ankle issues, with United’s record signing last appearing for the club in the 4-1 Boxing Day win against Newcastle. FEATURE: 16 Conclusions: Spurs 1-1 Manchester United Despite admitting he was open to leaving in the summer, Pogba seems determined to help Man Utd be successful and Neville thinks he is one “of the very best in his position in Europe”. “There’s no doubt that a committed Paul Pogba to Manchester United can be a great player,” Neville said on his official podcast. “His assists, his goals, are good. They’ve been very good in the last couple of seasons. “He’s up there with some of the very best in his position in Europe. It’s just the case of settling down. “Hopefully with the economic problems around Europe, teams won’t be able to go out and spend 80, 90 or 100 million on new players, Manchester United will keep him and Paul Pogba will understand that he’s staying at Manchester United. “That’s all I’ve ever asked of Paul Pogba, just commitment. His performances, I’ve never blamed him for Manchester United’s problems over the years. “I do believe he’s the one real world-class player – David de Gea I would have said two years ago – in Manchester United’s squad. “He’s the one who should be leading from the front, and if there’s continuous speculation over his future it isn’t helpful, it creates doubt in the dressing room. “Now, I feel there’s a better chance of that team really succeeding, and I think they’ll play at Old Trafford on Wednesday night, and there won’t be any doubt that he’ll play with Bruno Fernandes.” The post Neville picks out the ‘one real world-class player’ Man Utd have appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.