As per a report from the Manchester Evening News, Manchester City are expected to host a guard of honour for new Premier League champions Liverpool when the sides meet next week. After 30 years, Liverpool’s wait for English supremacy of course finally came to an end last night. After Jurgen Klopp’s men put Crystal Palace to the sword by 4 goals to nil on Wednesday, attentions turned to Stamford Bridge 24 hours later. Chelsea welcomed Manchester City to London for the week’s most high-profile Premier League clash, with the Citizens having been aware ahead of kick-off that anything other than 3 points would see Liverpool replace them as champions, with 7 games to spare. And, when all was done in the English capital, this is precisely what unfolded. Chelsea, still in the thick of the race for a top-4 berth, unsurprisingly proved no pushovers, with the Blues having eventually emerged with a deserved 2-1 victory. Christian Pulisic and Willian bagged the goals for Frank Lampard’s men either side of half-time, to see Chelsea strengthen their grip on 4th, and Manchester City give up their champion status with a whimper. WE’RE PREMIER LEAGUE CHAMPIONS!!  pic.twitter.com/qX7Duxoslm — Liverpool FC (Premier League Champions ) (@LFC) June 25, 2020 As outlined above, meanwhile, almost as if by fate, the Sky Blues’ next league outing is set to come in the form of a meeting with Liverpool. City will welcome the Reds to the Etihad next Thursday, after facing off with Newcastle in the FA Cup in two days’ time. In the weeks leading up to the clash, meanwhile, the key talking point has long surrounded whether Man City would be willing to host a guard of honour for the side to have replaced them as Premier League title-holders. After Liverpool’s champion status was confirmed last night, though, an update on the situation has subsequently arrived today. As outlined above, Pep Guardiola’s side are very much expected to pay their respects to English football’s new standard setters. According to Stuart Brennan of the reliable Manchester Evening News, though no official confirmation has yet been forthcoming, City ‘will almost certainly’ host a guard of honour at the Etihad in 6 days’ time. ‘Ahead of next Thursday’s game, City will consult with league officials to determine what will be acceptable – and it may be that they find a new, socially-distanced guard of honour.’ It’s the right thing to do. #MCFC #LFC https://t.co/TmB9XdjzbY — Stuart Brennan (@StuBrennanMEN) June 26, 2020 Nathaniel Clyne released by Liverpool/Man United offer ‘support package’ to 9 departing players Guardiola backs Foden to be important Man City player for next decadeOriginal Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.