It’s been confirmed by multiple reports on Sunday that Real Madrid have agreed to sell Achraf Hakimi to Inter this summer. Achraf Hakimi has spent the season on loan with Borussia Dortmund. He played 33 games in the Bundesliga, scoring 5 goals and assisting 10. According to Fabrizio Romano, Inter have agreed to pay Real Madrid €40m plus €5m in add-ons for the 21-year-old Moroccan right back. In another eye-catching detail, Real Madrid did not agree any buy-back clause for Hakimi. Achraf Hakimi to Inter, here we go! Total agreement for €40M + €5M add ons to Real Madrid on permanent deal. Buy back clause has never been discussed – no chance. He’ll join Inter on next week also with medicals and official announcement  @DiMarzio @SkySport #Inter #Hakimi — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) June 27, 2020 Gianluca Di Marzio has added that Hakimi is expected in Milan on Monday evening. With no further complications in the deal, Hakimi could be unveiled at Inter on Tuesday. Le visite mediche di @AchrafHakimi con l’@Inter martedì in giornata se non cambia il programma: il suo arrivo a Milano forse già lunedì sera. Poi subito la firma, visto che non ci sono altri dettagli da discutere sul suo contratto @SkySport #calciomercato — Gianluca Di Marzio (@DiMarzio) June 27, 2020 Reports have been dripping out over the past few weeks concerning Barcelona’s attempts to sign Lautaro Martinez from Inter this summer. A few weeks ago, Argentinian newspaper Ole came out with a strongly worded report claiming Lautaro Martinez will join Barcelona. Spanish paper Sport have added that Lautaro Martinez will agree a 5-year contract to join the Catalans. Sport also claimed Lautaro Martinez will earn 12 million euros a season at the Camp Nou, plus bonuses. However, as July rolls around, there’s been no discernible progress on the possible transfer. Moreover, Mundo Deportivo believe that the Achraf Hakimi transfer may place another difficulty in Barcelona’s path in getting their deal over the line. The big hold-up on Lautaro Martinez’s Barcelona move is the transfer fee. The Argentine has a 111 million euro buyout clause, while Barca are looking to secure the striker by offering some cash and players. Nelson Semado has been named as one possible makeweight for Barca. However, after signing Hakimi, Inter no longer need another right-back. So which other players could Barcelona throw into the Lautaro Martinez deal? Mundo Deportivo namedrop Junior Firpo and Arturo Vidal. El Barça, cerca de quedarse sin una bala para negociar por Lautarohttps://t.co/NtcnItd2j7 por @RogerTorello — Mundo Deportivo (@mundodeportivo) June 27, 2020 Barcelona’s title hopes took a nosedive on Saturday night when they dropped two points at Celta Vigo. A late goal from Iago Aspas earned Celta a 2-2 draw. Barcelona took the lead through Luis Suarez but Fedor Smolov levelled five minutes after the restart. Suarez scored Barcelona’s second in the 67th minute, but the hosts equalised two minutes from time. Real Madrid are a point behind Barcelona, but they have a game in hand. If you don’t let Messi shoot from a free kick, he’ll just find another way to create a goal! Suarez gives Barca the lead  pic.twitter.com/7Rkp4oW68I — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) June 27, 2020 IAGO ASPAS! Celta’s talisman equalises by bending a free kick low around the wall What a blow that could prove to be for Barca’s title hopes  pic.twitter.com/lXfh20KKsn — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) June 27, 2020 Also see: Barcelona vs Atlético Madrid live streaming and betting tips. Newcastle United vs Manchester City live streaming: Watch FA Cup quarter-final online, preview, prediction and odds. Sheffield United vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch FA Cup quarter-final online, preview, prediction and odds. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.