Deep Blue Energy Services Limited (DBESL) is a resource and solution management company that specializes in assisting international/Local companies in identifying Potential market opportunities, assisting with permits, sourcing highly skilled employees, bidding on and negotiating contracts and navigating the often complex political and policy environment of many sub Saharan African countries. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Deadline: 24th June, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 24th June, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 8th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 8th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 8th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 8th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 8th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Fresh Job Recruitment at Deep Blue Energy Services Limited (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Deep Blue Energy Services Limited (DBESL) is a resource and solution management company that specializes in assisting international/Local companies in identifying Potential market opportunities, assisting with permits, sourcing highly skilled employees, bidding on and negotiating contracts and navigating the often complex political and policy environment of many sub Saharan African countries. We… February 28, 2020 In "Gists" Deep Blue Energy Services Limited (DBESL) is a resource and solution management company that specializes in assisting international/Local companies in identifying Potential market opportunities, assisting with permits, sourcing highly skilled employees, bidding on and negotiating contracts and navigating the often complex political and policy environment of many sub Saharan African countries. We… February 7, 2020 In "Gists" Deep Blue Energy Services Limited (DBESL) is a resource and solution management company that specializes in assisting international/Local companies in identifying Potential market opportunities, assisting with permits, sourcing highly skilled employees, bidding on and negotiating contracts and navigating the often complex political and policy environment of many sub Saharan African… December 12, 2019 In "Gists"