There are only ten days remaining before the 2019-20 Premier League season restarts. On June 17, Man City will take on Arsenal, while Sheffield United face Aston Villa. The Premier League has been suspended since March due to the coronavirus pandemic. This weekend, some Premier League clubs returned to their home grounds to step up preparations for the new season. While Man United played an internal 11 vs 11 match at Old Trafford, Arsenal thrashed Carlton 6-0 at the Emirates Stadium. This is Lancashire reported on Saturday that Liverpool are planning to take on Blackburn Rovers in the next few days. Liverpool are on course to win their 1st Premier League title, and first championship in 30 years. As for Blackburn, they are 10th in the Championship. Readers have been informed: (Blackburn) Rovers could host Premier League champions-elect Liverpool in a friendly as both step-up preparations for the re-start of the 2019/20 season. Tony Mowbray’s squad moved into Phase Two of their return to training on Thursday, which permitted tackling and groups of up to 10, and they now look set to host the Reds in a practice match later next week. No a bad warm-up before the season restarts! #Rovers https://t.co/EFjV2Jzr0c — Lancashire Telegraph (@lancstelegraph) June 7, 2020 Manchester United could face promotion hopefuls West Brom in another friendly before football returns. West Brom are second in the Championship, and one point behind leaders Leeds United. Meanwhile, Man United are gearing up to a hectic finish to the season. Sat 5th, United are only 3 points behind Chelsea in the race for Champions League football. On the Man United vs West Brom match, the Birmingham Mail reported: West Bromwich Albion are hoping to play further friendlies before the Championship’s resumption – and Manchester United could be an option. Slaven wants at least one more friendly game  #WBA #MUFC https://t.co/tfy1Kq0dDc — West Brom Live (@WestBromNews) June 6, 2020 West Brom drew 2-2 against local rival Aston Villa on Saturday at Villa Park. Kamil Grosicki fired the Baggies into a 1-nil lead, before Keinan Davis levelled for Villa. Filip Krovinovic restored West Brom’s advantage, while Jack Grealish scored Villa’s second of the game. Perhaps the biggest takeaway for Villa was the return of John McGinn after a long spell out with an ankle injury. McGinn played 30 minutes on Saturday in a sign he’ll be ready to play when the league resumes. #avfc drew 2-2 with WBA at Villa Park today. Grealish and Davis scored. McGinn played 30 mins. [daily mail] — villareport (@villareport) June 6, 2020 Also see: Man United may sign Real Madrid target Donny van de Beek & what happened when Paul Pogba faced off against Bruno Fernandes. UK government claim that Liverpool vs Atletico was ‘low risk’ was an assumption made without any scientific basis. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Jose Mourinho wasn’t very happy at the end of Manchester United’s draw with Chelsea, following Ross Barkley’s late equaliser, and his mood won’t be improved by former Manchester City forward Mario Balotelli. The pressure on Jose Mourinho’s job had been somewhat relieved in the comeback win against Newcastle United in… October 21, 2018 In "News" The latest reports stemming from the Spanish media today suggest that Liverpool are considering a summer swoop for struggling Barcelona star Ousmane Dembele. Liverpool’s surprise dip Jurgen Klopp’s men have of course enjoyed a historic campaign to date. Before the COVID-19 pandemic brought football in England to a halt, Liverpool… May 30, 2020 In "Sports" By James Agberebi: Former Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli was on target for French club OGC Nice but it was not enough to secure victory as they were forced to a 1-1 draw at home against Ajax Amsterdam in the first leg, third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League… July 26, 2017 In "Sports"