Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. At Microsoft our mission and values are to help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job number: 847861Locations: Istanbul, Istanbul, Turkey – Johannesburg (MEA-HQ), Gauteng, South Africa – Nairobi, Nairobi City, Kenya – Lagos, Lagos, Nigeria – Dubai (MEA-HQ), Dubai, United Arab Emirates – Other, Other, Qatar – Other, Other, OmanTravel: NoneProfession: SalesRole type: Individual ContributorEmployment type: Internship Details Overview Responsibilities Role-specific Qualifications General Qualifications We are looking for candidates that have the following qualities: Benefits and PerksBenefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work: Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Technical Specialist (Intern) – Customer Facing Technologies at Microsoft Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer… June 26, 2020 In "Jobs" Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer… June 26, 2020 In "Jobs" Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer… December 16, 2019 In "Gists"