A report on Tuesday claims that FC Barcelona are interested in Manchester City youngster, Eric Garcia. Man City acquired Garcia’s services back in the summer of 2017. The Citizens plucked the centre-half from Barcelona’s youth ranks for a fee believed to be in the region of £1.5m. The La Masia youth has since gone on to impress at both under-18 and under-23 level for the Sky Blues. The 19-year-old has also, especially in the current campaign, begun to be afforded some first-team opportunities under Pep Guardiola. The Spain under-21 international made his competitive debut for the Citizens back in December of 2018 in the League Cup quarter-final vs Leicester. It is this term though, in which Garcia has really begun to impress on the bigger stage, notching 11 senior appearances across all competitions for Man City. View this post on Instagram Feels good to be back! A post shared by  Eric Garcia Martret (@ericgm3) on May 24, 2020 at 12:07pm PDT And given City’s centre-back department is somewhat of an area of concern, Garcia could well be the answer to Guardiola’s problems. With Vincent Kompany gone and Aymeric Laporte struggling with injuries, Guardiola has largely had to rely on John Stones, Fernandinho and Nicola Otamendi at centre-half. The latter two are now getting on in years whilst Stones isn’t the most reliable stopper in the world. As a result, those in a position of power at City will no doubt be keen to maintain Garcia’s services for as long as possible, given how impressive the youngster has been in his limited outings for the Manchester powerhouse. However, as alluded to above, one club that could be set to try and pry Garcia away from the Etihad is his former side, Barcelona. According to ESPN, Bara have enquired about Garcia’s situation at City with the Catalonia giants understood to be eyeing a potential move to bring the defender back to the Camp Nou. City fans will no doubt be glad to hear, though, that Man City were said to be quick in knocking back Barcelona’s initial approach. ESPN go on to claim that whilst City hope to sign a new centre-back this summer, Guardiola is fond of Garcia and wishes to keep him involved in the first-team squad. See also: SC Freiburg vs Borussia Monchengladbach live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Werder Bremen vs Eintracht Frankfurt live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.