It’s an enormous week for Man City as they prepare to have their two-year UEFA ban annulled by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. Man City are currently banned from playing in any UEFA competition for the next twenty-four months following “serious breaches” of the financial fair play rules. However, the Sky Blues will be in court from June 8-10 as they appeal those charges. We’ve previously reported on how the court case will be held in private, with no public scrutiny of the evidence presented in the hearings. This means that there’s a chance that Man City fans may never truly understand the details of the case as it’s being held in secret. Back in February 2020, UEFA released their case against Man City: The Adjudicatory Chamber, having considered all the evidence, has found that Manchester City committed serious breaches of the Uefa Financial Fair Play Regulations by overstating its sponsorship revenue in its accounts and in the break-even information submitted to Uefa between 2012 and 2016. The Adjudicatory Chamber has also found that in breach of the regulations the club failed to cooperate in the investigation of this case by the CFCB. Man City have refuted these allegations of financial doping wholly. City’s chief executive, Ferran Soriano, has said that these UEFA allegations are “not true”. So what’s going to happen this week? The Financial Times have tried to predict the CAS outcome, and they’ve quoted an unnamed source who believes Man City are in a weak position. According to the FT, a person with knowledge of UEFA’s investigations, commented that “provided Uefa don’t cave in, they should win at CAS… City have no evidence at all.” The FT also revealed that Man City will be represented by David Pannick QC from Blackstone Chambers and Paul Harris QC from Monckton Chambers. A person with knowledge of the UEFA’s investigations, commented that “provided Uefa don’t cave in, they should win at CAS . . . City have no evidence at all”. | Ferran Soriano: (club will bring) “irrefutable evidence that the claims are not true”. https://t.co/KKW966S8uo — City Chief (@City_Chief) June 6, 2020 Manchester City is being represented by David Pannick QC from Blackstone Chambers and Monckton Chambers’ Paul Harris QC, according to people familiar with both sides’ legal teams. Each will act on a separate strand of the case. [Financial Times] pic.twitter.com/oQMwEYdg4v — City Chief (@City_Chief) June 6, 2020 There are three main outcomes in the Man City vs UEFA case: – Man City lose and the ban is upheld – Man City win and the ban is uplifted entirely – Man City win and the ban is reduced to one year If City are fully successful in overturning the ban, Pep Guardiola’s side would be eligible to play Champions League football once again. That would be a blow for Man United, who are currently poised to benefit from City’s punishment. Man United are 5th in the Premier League, and they are presently on course to be the league’s 4th representative in the Champions League if City’s ban is upheld. Football finance expert, Dr Rob Wilson of Sheffield Hallam University, has predicted that Man City will not be successful in overturning their UEFA case. He said: (The ruling for UEFA) will be upheld. UEFA will win the case. The evidence that City give will reduce the penalty a little bit and we’ll be talking about at least a 12-month ban, probably with a year suspended as well. Also see: Man United may sign Real Madrid target Donny van de Beek & what happened when Paul Pogba faced off against Bruno Fernandes. UK government claim that Liverpool vs Atletico was ‘low risk’ was an assumption made without any scientific basis. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.