A recent report in the English media has claimed that Manchester United are set to reward Brandon Williams with an improved contract, following his superb breakout campaign with the club. Williams is just one of many youngsters to have broken into Manchester United’s first-team of late. The 19-year-old enjoyed a solid start to the 2019/20 campaign, captaining Manchester United’s under-23 side. And after impressing at youth level, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer opted to reward the full-back with his senior debut back in September. Crumpsall-born Williams managed 45 minutes as United saw off Rochdale in the League Cup. Since making his first-team debut, Williams has gone from strength to strength, combining solid defending with the ability to create chances in attacking areas, making the youngster the ideal modern full-back. In total, the England under-20 international has notched 26 appearances for the Red Devils this term, scoring one and assisting two. View this post on Instagram Caption this one #stayhome #staysafe A post shared by  Brandon Williams (@branwilliams) on May 18, 2020 at 4:32am PDT Williams’ superb displays this season have seen him garner lofty praise from some high-profile figures in the footballing world, including Man United legend Gary Neville. England boss Gareth Southgate is also understood to believe that Williams possesses the potential to play a role in the Three Lions’ senior side. It was even reported back in April that United had decided against a move for a new left-back, due to Williams’ emergence. And now, as outlined above, it seems as though the talented left-back is set to be rewarded for his fine form. As per The Athletic, United are poised to offer Williams a ‘major’ new deal, in order to reflect his status as a first-team player. The defender is currently understood to earn £4,000-a-week, but the Red Devils are said to be planning talks to significantly increase that figure. See also: SC Freiburg vs Borussia Monchengladbach live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Borussia Dortmund vs Hertha BSC live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.