Jose Mourinho has recently been speaking about one of Spurs’ January additions, Steven Bergwijn. Tottenham’s most high-profile acquisition this past January saw Steven Bergwijn join the north Londoners. Bergwijn, a 22-year-old winger, had previously been impressing on the books of Dutch outfit PSV. Before linking up with Spurs, Bergwijn had managed to notch five goals and 10 assists in 16 league outings this term. Tottenham are understood to have paid around £27m for the Dutchman’s services, a fee which, so far, looks to be decent value for money. The pacey winger’s Premier League debut saw him bag a crucial goal as Spurs saw off Manchester City. And in his five following league outings for the Lilywhites, the nine-time capped international has managed to find the net twice more – including a superb solo goal last week vs Manchester United. Our first goal back was a beauty… @StevenBergwijn #THFC #COYS pic.twitter.com/J8mFmZgQVt — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) June 20, 2020 However, as mentioned above, Jose Mourinho, initially at least, doesn’t appear to have been too keen on Bergwijn. Spurs are set to take on West Ham United on Tuesday evening, a tie that they really need to win to keep their diminishing European hopes alive. Mourinho would hold his pre-West Ham press conference on Monday. During the presser, meanwhile, the Portuguese tactician was drawn on Bergwijn’s impact at Tottenham. After labelling the winger a ‘good player and professional’, though, Mourinho went on to admit that Bergwijn wasn’t his first-choice winter window signing: “Good player, good professional, good boy. Congratulations to my club, the way they did it. Initially, and I’m always very honest on this, he wasn’t my first option when we decided to make a movement in the winter, but in the end, a great decision. “A player with a great future, can play on the right and the left. We’re more than happy, not just his age, but also his professional attitude. The way he trains, the way he lives. He’s the kind of kid that can only be better.” Quotes via football.london. See also: Leicester City vs Brighton & Hove Albion live streaming & betting tips Tottenham Hotspur vs West Ham United live streaming & betting tips Manchester United vs Sheffield United live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.