As confirmed by the reliable football.london, Premier League giants Chelsea have no intention of reigniting their pursuit of Edinson Cavani over the coming months. Speculation surrounding the future of PSG hitman Cavani has been rampant throughout the 2019/20 season. This comes with the 33-year-old having fallen down the pecking order at the Parc des Princes. Following Mauro Icardi’s loan arrival from Inter Milan, Cavani was afforded starts in just 7 of PSG’s 27 Ligue 1 fixtures before the campaign’s premature end. As such, it came as little surprise when word arrived in January that the Uruguayan international had submitted an official transfer request: Paris Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo says Edinson Cavani has handed in a transfer request. — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) January 20, 2020 In the end, however, despite links with a host of clubs, Cavani was eventually forced to stay put, amid claims that PSG were demanding a fee of over €15 million to part with their out-of-favour hitman, despite his contract situation. The capital outfit, though, shot themselves in the foot with their hefty demands. As confirmed yesterday, following 7 seasons and 200 goals, Cavani is set to depart Paris for free at the end of the month, following the expiration of his current deal: Leonardo: “Edinson Cavani and Thiago Silva will leave PSG at the end of the season, it’s confirmed”.  #PSG #transfers — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) June 13, 2020 PSG’s announcement, meanwhile, has since seen the speculation surrounding Cavani’s potential landing spot ramp back up. Atletico Madrid have long been viewed as favourites to clinch the veteran’s signature, with Serie A giants Inter Milan also thought to be interested. One outfit who do not appear willing to re-enter the race for Cavani’s services, though, are Chelsea. The Londoners were heavily linked with a move for the former Napoli man in January, but, as outlined above, have no intention of reigniting their pursuit. As per the reliable football.london, with Frank Lampard’s men thought to be on the verge of clinching the signing of Timo Werner, ‘there are no plans for the Blues to go back in for Cavani.’ Cavani is up for grabs. But Chelsea are not interested.https://t.co/FVuyvzcybF — Chelsea FC News (@Chelsea_FL) June 13, 2020 Good news for Chelsea ahead of Aston Villa as Ruben Loftus-Cheek bags brace in QPR drubbing Chelsea the latest club tipped to swoop for Layvin Kurzawa/Arsenal ‘still in the race’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.