Sylken Limited – Our Pharmaceutical delivers quality natural care through the use of natural products all manufactured in the United States of America under the brand name “NATURE’S FIELD”. Our primary commitments are quality, safety and efficacy and we guarantee every step in the manufacture of our products in line with the strictest pharmaceutical Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP). Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply ACTED has been committed since 1993, to immediate humanitarian relief to support those in urgent need and protect people’s dignity, while co-creating longer term opportunities for sustainable growth and fulfilling people’s potential. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply PecanTrust Microfinance Bank Limited is a Central Bank of Nigeria Licensed, for-profit making institution dedicated to supporting early stage, small and medium-sized enterprises ‘SME’, the informal working class and low income families through providing access to finance, entrepreneurship training, a network of mentors and facilitating business partnerships. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply A New Ultramodern Hotel located in Ikoyi, Lagos State urgently requires the services of suitably qualified candidates for the following vacant positions: 1. Marketer 2. Executive Chef 3. Accountant 4. House Keeper 5. Receptionist 6. Waiter/Waitress 7. Professional Bar Man 8. IT Manager 9. Heavy Duty Generator Mechanic 10. Driver 11. Food & Beverages Manager 12. Office Assistant 13. Plumber General Requirements Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Present Your CV to PecanTrust Microfinance Bank Limited, Sylken Limited, ACTED & A New Ultramodern Hotel (Over 25+ Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.