Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of the club’s meeting with Norwich City. The Red Devils are set to get their FA Cup campaign back underway tomorrow evening, with a trip to Carrow Road. A place in the competition’s semi-finals is at stake, with visitors United understandably viewed as heavy favourites to emerge victorious. The Manchester giants were in superb form last time out, when an Anthony Martial hat-trick saw Solskjaer’s men make short work of Sheffield United in the Premier League. Their win over the Blades took United’s unbeaten streak to 13 across all competitions, a run which stretches back to late January. As such, with Norwich having fallen to defeats in both of their outings since the return of English football earlier this month, and glued to the foot of the Premier League table, few would bet against the Red Devils making it 14 unbeaten tomorrow evening. As outlined above, meanwhile, ahead of his side’s latest outing, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has today provided an update on his squad. Speaking in a pre-match interview with Manchester United’s official website, Solskjaer first confirmed that Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones remain the club’s only injury absentees: ‘Are there any new injuries? No. I think we came through unscathed.’ ‘It’s still Axel and Phil, they’re out. They are the only two absentees.’ The Red Devils boss, though, also went on to reveal that, due to the hectic fixture schedule at present, he will make changes to the side that downed Sheffield United on Wednesday night: ‘It’s the situation we’re in, and circumstances.’ ‘Of course we’re playing so many games in a short space of time, and it’s great seeing the players being in good form. I know that we’ve got so many others wanting to play as well, so there will have to be a few changes, because there’s a game again on Tuesday and then Saturday.’ The boss has offered an insight into how the Reds will line up on Saturday #MUFC #FACup — Manchester United (@ManUtd) June 26, 2020 Nathaniel Clyne released by Liverpool/Man United offer ‘support package’ to 9 departing players Former Arsenal star advises Aubameyang to leave ‘average’ Gunners as Man United urged to swoop Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.