Bayer Leverkusen’s manager has recently provided some potential insight into the future of Kai Havertz. The COVID-19-hit Bundesliga campaign drew to a close on Saturday. The title was already decided several gameweeks ago, with Bayern Munich once again clinching domestic glory. What was still up for grabs on the final day, though, was a Champions League spot. The two sides vying for the final Champions League berth were Borussia Monchengladbach, who sat 4th, and Bayer Leverkusen, who sat 5th ahead of kick-off on Saturday. To secure a spot in Europe’s premiere club competition, Leverkusen had to see off Mainz, and hope that Gladbach fell to defeat vs Hertha Berlin. And whilst Die Werkself played their part, clinching a 1-0 victory, Gladbach would pick up three points of their own – meaning Leverkusen finished the season 5th. View this post on Instagram The countdown is on: 6 days until the @dfb_pokal final! #B04FCB #DFBPokal A post shared by  Bayer 04 Leverkusen (@bayer04fussball) on Jun 28, 2020 at 7:14am PDT As well as missing out on the financial windfall that comes with a Champions League spot, one would assume that Leverkusen may now find it harder to maintain the services of some of their top stars, particularly Kai Havertz. The 21-year-old has been one of Leverkusen’s standout performers over the course of the last two seasons, notching 12 goals and six assists in 30 league outings this term alone. Such stats have seen the German linked with some high-profile sides, including Chelsea. As such, with Frank Lampard’s men looking likely to secure Champions League football for next season, one would imagine that the Blues will have an advantage if they attempt to lure Havertz away from the BayArena. However, speaking post-Mainz, Bayer Leverkusen boss Peter Bosz voiced his opinion that Havertz isn’t actually thinking too much about a transfer: “I don’t feel that he is thinking too much about transferring. “I certainly don’t have the impression that this will be his last game for the club. He is still under contract with us and I have to assume that he will be with us next season too. “That will include the German Cup final next month and the next Europa League game against Rangers in August. “Of course, that’s all dependent on nothing happening before then.” Quotes via football.london. See also: Crystal Palace vs Burnley FC live streaming & betting tips Brighton vs Manchester United live streaming and betting tips Barcelona vs Atlético Madrid live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.