Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc. (MUTUAL), has evolved into a conglomerate consisting of value-adding companies with diverse interests in various sectors of the Nigerian economy through investments, strategic alliances and partnerships. Today, MUTUAL is a leading brand in the Nigerian Insurance industry and well-capitalized with a team of highly trained professionals, a respectable Board and access to the International Insurance Market. MUTUAL is the flagship of insurance in Liberia and also runs a full-fledged insurance operation in Republic of Niger, where we commenced business in January, 2014. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Lagos Application Closing Date30th June, 2020. The post Insurance Marketer at Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc. (MUTUAL) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc. (MUTUAL), has evolved into a conglomerate consisting of value-adding companies with diverse interests in various sectors of the Nigerian economy through investments, strategic alliances and partnerships. Today, MUTUAL is a leading brand in the Nigerian Insurance industry and well-capitalized with a team of highly trained professionals,… December 23, 2019 In "Gists" Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc (MUTUAL), has evolved into a conglomerate consisting of value-adding companies with diverse interests in various sectors of the Nigerian economy through investments, strategic alliances and partnerships. Today, MUTUAL is a leading brand in the Nigerian Insurance industry and well-capitalized with a team of highly trained professionals,… November 7, 2019 In "Gists" Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc. (MUTUAL), has evolved into a conglomerate consisting of value-adding companies with diverse interests in various sectors of the Nigerian economy through investments, strategic alliances and partnerships. Today, MUTUAL is a leading brand in the Nigerian Insurance industry and well-capitalized with a team of highly trained professionals,… February 20, 2020 In "Gists"