According to Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Angel Gomes appears set to leave the club in the next 48 hours. Gomes is out of contract at the end of the month. While Solskjaer had previously spoken positively about hoping to keep Gomes at the club, it’s now been confirmed that no agreement have been reached. Solskjaer said: To be honest, I’ve not heard from them last night or this morning, so it seems like that they haven’t managed to agree (a deal). Asked if Angel Gomes was leaving #MUFC, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said: “To be honest, I’ve not heard from them last night or this morning, so it seems like that they haven’t managed to agree (a deal), so the answer is probably short and yes then” — Simon Peach (@SimonPeach) June 29, 2020 It’s worth noting that Chelsea have previously been linked with a move for Angel Gomes. In May, the Mirror reported that Man United offered the Gomes an improved £30,000-a-week deal, which the midfielder rejected. Readers were also told: Chelsea believe they are close to landing Manchester United starlet Angel Gomes. The 19-year-old midfielder, an England Under-20 international, has recruited super-agent Pini Zahavi who is understood to have held talks with Blues transfer chief Marina Granovskaia. Chelsea are confident of signing Angel Gomes from Manchester United this summer. His agent has held talks with Marina Granovskaia. As per @LukeGardener82 and @MirrorFootball pic.twitter.com/VUtU6iK23Y — Simon Phillips (@SiPhillipsSport) May 13, 2020 Man United are back in Premier League action on Tuesday night when they head to Brighton. The Red Devils come into the game after needing 120 minutes to see off Norwich in an FA Cup quarterfinal. Ahead of the Brighton game, Solskjaer talked about the form of Marcus Rashford: The boss on @MarcusRashford: “Marcus has been out for a while but he’s looked sharp. “Against Sheffield United he did miss one or two chances, but we’ll focus on the goals he created. He’s on his way to his best ever season at United.”#MUFC pic.twitter.com/1Mx2TdwXgC — Manchester United (@ManUtd) June 29, 2020 Marcus has been out for a while but he’s looked sharp. Against Sheffield United he did miss one or two chances, but we’ll focus on the goals he created. He’s on his way to his best ever season at United. “Some players thrive with crowds, some relax with no crowds and express themselves more — different teams react differently,” says Ole. “The games look slower but the ball is in play more at the moment and the physical stats show there isn’t a big difference.”#MUFC pic.twitter.com/F5GhCTpQj9 — Manchester United (@ManUtd) June 29, 2020 Also see: Man United might be the only team able to afford Harry Kane. Crystal Palace vs Burnley FC live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.