Celtic’s Neil Lennon has recently moved to claim Premier League-linked Odsonne Edouard is in talks with the Scottish outfit over a new deal. Edouard has been plying his trade in the SPL with Celtic since the summer of 2017. The then PSG hitman joined the Hoops on a season-long loan deal, during which he netted 11 and assisted four in 29 outings across all competitions. And Celtic clearly liked what they saw in Edouard during his loan spell, as they then opted to sign the now 22-year-old on a permanent basis the following summer. The Scottish powerhouse are understood to have paid just shy of £10m for the Frenchman, which seems like a real bargain given how impressive he has been since. It is perhaps the 2019/20 campaign in which Edouard has shone the most, though, notching 27 goals and 19 assists in 45 outings. View this post on Instagram #22 A post shared by  Odsonne Edouard (@o.edouard_18) on Feb 2, 2020 at 12:01pm PST That sort of return has, unsurprisingly, seemingly attracted interest from outside of Scotland, with a number of clubs in the Premier League linked with the centre-forward this term. Arsenal were linked with Edouard back in March whilst Leicester were tipped to move for the Celtic standout during the winter window. Arsenal’s interest was once again reported in April, with Le10sport alleging that six clubs in Europe have shown an interest in Edouard. However, as mentioned above, any interested parties will probably not be too glad to hear what Celtic boss Neil Lennon has recently stated. After being named William Hill Scottish Football Writers Manager of the Year, Lennon was discussing his side’s top-scorer, stating there are discussions going on at the moment with Edouard’s representatives: “There are discussions at the minute with his representatives. “Ultimately he’s a player we want around. He’s a fantastic player. He’s really blossomed over the last couple of seasons.” Lennon also added that Celtic are doing everything they can to keep Eduardo, who currently has a contract at Celtic Park until 2022: “He had a magnificent season this year and we want to keep him. It’s as simple as that. We’re doing everything we can to keep him here for at least another season anyway. “I think he is [happy]. I think he’s got a fantastic relationship certainly with me and my backroom team and his team-mates. “You can see how much the supporters appreciate him as well. I think that’s reciprocated. “He’s grown into a top-class striker. Of course there is going to be speculation around a player of that quality. But we’re comfortable at the minute with the position we’re in with him.” Quotes via Sky Sports News. See also: Arsenal sack European scouts & watch Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang goals vs Charlton Arsenal likely to be priced out of move for Norwich’s Max Aarons/Expected to make Cedric’s arrival permanent Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.