The Telegraph have, on Monday, provided the latest regarding the potential transfer of Bayer Leverkusen’s Kai Havertz. Havertz, 21, joined Bayer Leverkusen’s academy back in 2010. The versatile midfielder would go on to star in Leverkusen’s youth ranks, before being handed his senior debut in 2016. And despite his tender years, Havertz has already managed to establish himself as a mainstay for Peter Bosz’s outfit. All told, the seven-time capped international has notched just shy of 150 appearances for Die Werkself’s senior team. And though Havertz endured something of a rough patch earlier this season, the Bundesliga restart has since seen the promising youngster return to his scintillating best. In total, the attacking midfielder, who can also play on the right or up top, has netted fifteen and assisted eight in 39 outings this term. View this post on Instagram A post shared by  Kai Havertz  (@kaihavertz29) on May 23, 2020 at 9:51am PDT Such an impressive return from someone so young has, understandably, caught the eye of some of Europe’s heavy-hitters. Havertz, who has previously been described as a mix between fellow countrymen Michael Ballack and Mesut Ozil, has been linked with a number of Premier League sides of late. All of Chelsea, Manchester United, Newcastle and Manchester City are said to have shown some form of interest in the Leverkusen standout. The English side seemingly most keen on Havertz, though, are Chelsea, with one recent report having gone as far as to claim that the Blues had opened transfer talks with Leverkusen. However, if the aforementioned report from the Telegraph proves true, then Chelsea, along with any other potential English suitors of Havertz, look set to be pipped to the post. As per the Telegraph, Bayern Munich are in pole position to win the race for Kai Havertz. A hefty £75m fee is being floated for the German, with the Telegraph adding that Bayern are hopeful of Havertz joining Manchester City’s Leroy Sane at the Allianz Arena ahead of next season. See also: Manchester City vs Arsenal preview: Premier League live streaming and betting tips Aston Villa vs Sheffield United preview: Premier League live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.