A recent report in the English media has provided an insight into Southampton’s transfer stance regarding one of their standout stars, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg. Hojbjerg has been on Southampton’s books since the summer of 2016. The Danish international joined the Saints from German powerhouse Bayern Munich for a fee believed to be around £13m. Since moving to St Mary’s, Hojbjerg has cemented himself as an integral member of Southampton’s midfield. All told, the 33-time capped international has notched 129 appearances across all competitions for Southampton, in which he has scored five and assisted six. The current campaign has been a particularly impressive one for the midfielder, though. Copenhagen-born Hojbjerg has been the man tasked with captaining Southampton this term. And, barring a disappointing patch of form early in the season, both Hojbjerg and the Saints have enjoyed a solid 2019/20, which even recently saw Ralph Hasenhuttl rewarded with a fresh contract. View this post on Instagram Focused! @premierleague we’re coming for you A post shared by  Pierre-Emile Højbjerg (@hojbjerg23) on Jun 6, 2020 at 9:24am PDT Now, though, after impressing on the south coast for nearly four years, Hojbjerg’s future with Southampton seems to be somewhat unclear. It was reported back in May that both Tottenham and Everton were interested in the Danish standout. Crucially, though, the above-linked report from the Telegraph also added that Spurs were ready to wait until after the coronavirus pandemic before making a final decision on tabling an offer for Hojbjerg. But, should the Lilywhites indeed decide to pursue a deal in the near future, it seems that Southampton would be open to the prospect of parting ways with Hojbjerg. According to the Evening Standard, the Saints are not against selling the 24-year-old, who has just over a year left on his current contract, this summer. In terms of a fee for the former Bayern man, meanwhile, the Standard claim that Southampton are unlikely to accept anything less than £35m. See also: Hoffenheim vs RB Leipzig preview: Bundesliga live streaming, betting tips, prediction and odds Sevilla vs Real Betis preview: How to watch La Liga online, betting tips, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.