Everyone seems to know how much 20-year-old Newcastle United midfielder Matty Longstaff earns. It’s long been reported that Longstaff is only paid 850 pounds a week a St James’ Park. This season, Longstaff made his Premier League debut for Newcastle against Man United, and he went on to score the winner. However, Matty Longstaff is out of contract at the end of the season, and Sky Sports have now reported that Serie A side Udinese are trying to sign him. According to reporter Keith Downie, Udinese are willing to pay Longstaff £30,000-a-week. Udinese are also willing to offer the midfielder a 5-year deal. Matty Longstaff has been offered £30,000-a-week to sign for Serie A side Udinese. The midfielder flew out to Italy before lockdown, where held talks over a 5-year-deal. Longstaff wants to stay at Newcastle but Udinese’s offer is more than double that of Newcastle’s #NUFC — Keith Downie (@SkySports_Keith) June 2, 2020 Previous reports stated Marseille & Inter Milan were interested, but only Udinese have made a concrete offer so far. Matty been mulling it over for nearly 3 months, and due to takeover situation at Newcastle talks have reached an impasse #NUFC — Keith Downie (@SkySports_Keith) June 2, 2020 Even though Longstaff is about to become a free agent, Udinese would still have to pay Newcastle a fee if they sign him. As confirmed by the Daily Mail: Udinese would have to pay the Magpies a compensation fee of around £400,000. Matty Longstaff ‘offered £30,000 a week to join Udinese – THIRTY times his current salary’ https://t.co/gNmPOuFs3L — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) June 3, 2020 In the aftermath of the Longstaff-Udinese transfer rumour, some are spreading a conspiracy theory which draws Watford into the picture. As is widely known, Watford are owned by the Pozzo family, who are also the owners of Udinese. That’s lead some to speculate that if Udinese were to sign Longstaff, the midfielder would ultimately end up with the Hornets. Football Italia have spread that rumour, telling their readers: It’s entirely possible this is a strategic move, as Udinese are owned by the same family who run Watford, so the two clubs regularly exchange players. Others have taken to social media to spread the Watford-Longstaff theory. Watford signing Matty Longstaff via Udinese in order to avoid paying Newcastle compensation is the kind of shithousery I can get behind — Aaron (@aaron_bennis10) June 2, 2020 Pozzo network in full-force. Longstaff signs for Watford via Udinese to avoid paying compensation to Newcastle. #watfordfc https://t.co/spjpv6gZls — Jacob Culshaw (@jacob_culshaw) June 2, 2020 Others have questioned the Sky Sports Longstaff-Udinese story over the reported financial details. It’s being claimed that if Longstaff were to agree those wages, he’d become Udinese’s highest-earning player. This Matty Longstaff story is absolute bullshit, theres no way Udinese would make him their highest paid player, especially in the midst of a global pandemic as well, absolutely no way!! #NUFC pic.twitter.com/o74I73h5oH — Dayle (@DayleBarron) June 2, 2020 This is unclear. However, the Times tell their readers: Longstaff, whose brother Sean also plays for Newcastle, had been keen to agree a new deal. Talks began last year but there has been no improved offer in 2020. He was offered an improved contract at Newcastle but the two parties differed in value. It’s been claimed that Newcastle are only willing to offer Longstaff £15,000-a-week. Matty Longstaff is poised to move to Serie A after talks about extending his contract at Newcastle United broke down this week, reports @mhardysport #NUFC https://t.co/O0KYMiAMGQ — Times Sport (@TimesSport) June 3, 2020 It’s coming up for almost two months since news first broke that Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund (PIF) are trying to buy Newcastle United from Mike Ashley. When the story arose, fans were told that the deal could be wrapped up in 30 days. Obviously, those forecasts have proven to be wrong. In the latest edition of the Fog on the Tyne podcast, Athletic reporter George Caulkin has given his updates on Newcastle’s takeover limbo. Caulkin has advised Newcastle fans to steer clear of social media if they want to avoid anxiety over if and when the deal will get over the line. However, the Athletic’s Newcastle insider has also noted how many fans are feeling that their mental health is being challenged by the uncertainty over the takeover. Listen to the discussion on the audio unit below. Also see: Inter’s Lautaro Martinez to sign a 5-year deal with Barcelona. Chelsea consider an audacious move to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. RAID ON SANCHO ‘OJO CON SANCHO’ screams the front page of Diario AS, which roughly translates to ‘eyes on Sancho’ and relates to Real Madrid’s interest in the Borussia Dortmund winger. They ‘look’ at Sancho but, for now, they will not touch. The ‘pearl’ of the Bundesliga certainly fits their… June 3, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United have moved a step closer to sealing two more of their summer transfer targets in Sporting Lisbon’s Bruno Fernandes and Newcastle United’s Sean Longstaff. The Red Devils have already sealed the signings of Daniel James from Swansea and Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Crystal Palace in this summer transfer window according to . United executive… July 4, 2019 In "News" Longstaff distracted during the summer Newcastle midfielder Sean Longstaff has opened up on links to Manchester United over the summer, admitting that talk of a move away distracted him. Longstaff burst onto the scene with the Magpies last season, impressing in the second half of the season. In his 10… September 11, 2019 In "Sports"