Dangote Group is one of Nigeria’s most diversified business conglomerates with a hard – earned reputation for excellent business practices and products’ quality with its operational headquarters in the bustling metropolis of Lagos, Nigeria in West Africa. Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 10 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 5 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The Federal University of Technology, Owerri was established in 1980 by the Federal Government of Nigeria. The University strives for excellence an is poised to becoming one of the best University of Technology in the world. The University is committed to the production of high level manpower, engaged in cutting edge research and community service for the achievement of national developmental goals and global relevance. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The Centre for Communication and Social Impact (CCSI), formerly known as Centre for Communication Programs Nigeria (CCPN) was registered in 2001 as a Non-Governmental Organization with the Corporate Affairs Commission of Nigeria. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Flour Mills of Nigeria Plc has been a part of the lives of Nigerians at home and abroad. Our global vision is to be a leading foods company in Africa providing high quality and affordable products in the most convenient ways to consumers through world class brands like Golden Penny Flour, Golden Penny Semovita, Goldenvita, Golden Pasta and Golden Noodles. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Newly Recommended Jobs at Dangote Group, Federal University of Technology, Owerri, Flour Mills of Nigeria Plc & CCSI (35+ Job Positions) – Don’t Miss Out. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.