The latest word stemming from the English media has revealed that the Premier League are being strongly recommended not to sanction the long-proposed Saudi takeover of Newcastle United. Despite top-level football in England having of course been at a standstill since early in March following the outbreak of COVID-19, action has continued at a typically-frenetic pace behind the scenes at a number of Premier League clubs. Ongoings at Newcastle United have proven the main talking point amongst many circles for over a month now, as the Magpies attempt to move into a potentially-prosperous new era. Widespread reports have, for some time, assured that the Saudi Arabia Public Investment Fund, chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (one of the richest men on the planet) will imminently formalise a takeover at St. James’ Park. Any potential deal would be worth a fee in the region of £340 million, with Dubai-based financier Amanda Staveley (who runs PCP Partners) acting as an intermediary. PCP Partners are in advanced talks with Mike Ashley to end his 13-year tenure as owner of Newcastle United, according to sources directly involved in the takeover.https://t.co/yraWhLRlzR — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) April 14, 2020 The last couple of weeks, however, have seen Mohammed bin Salman’s takeover at St. James’ Park thrown into serious doubt. This comes after it was concluded that the Saudi Arabian government is behind beoutQ, a pirate satellite service that offers illegal access to a host of sporting events, including the Premier League. This could pose a major stumbling block in Newcastle’s changing of hands, with the WTO ‘the highest judicial body that could rule on the matter.’ And, as outlined above, a further update on the situation has this evening been forthcoming, with the news far from positive from the perspective of bin Salman and co. As revealed by the Times, the Premier League are now being strongly urged against sanctioning the Magpies’ Saudi takeover. The message comes courtesy of beIN Sports, the Premier League’s official broadcast partner in the Middle East. BeIN have stated that Newcastle’s takeover should ‘fail the owners’ and directors’ test’: ‘Legal expert Stephen Nathan of Blackstone Chambers in London, says that the Saudi government supported TV piracy of football matches by the beoutQ operation and would become a shadow director of Newcastle if the takeover is approved.’ Significantly, meanwhile, it also added that another prospective Newcastle buyer is now waiting in the wings. Henry Mauriss, an American businessman, is said to be ready to reignite his interest in the Geordie outfit, should current takeover talks collapse. https://t.co/v3TsWMb1gL — Martin Hardy (@mhardysport) June 17, 2020 Pedro agrees Roma move/’Unwilling to play for Chelsea’ again this season Controversy reins in PL return as Hawkeye notifies Michael Oliver of Sheffield United opener during half-time interval Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.