Juventus striker Paulo Dybala has confirmed that there was interest from Man Utd and Tottenham last summer. The attacker was linked with a move to the Premier League earlier in the last summer transfer window, with Man Utd reportedly interested and Tottenham making an approach on the final day of the British transfer window. A disappointing 2018/19 campaign, with the arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo from Real Madrid forcing him out wide, saw speculation around his future build. FEATURE: A simple solution to solve the summer window for Man Utd… Dybala told CNN: “It was more or less last year at this point when Juventus didn’t want to count on me, didn’t want me to continue playing here. “That’s when I was contacted and there were some clubs that were interested in me. Among those were Manchester United and Tottenham. “I think for a long time there were conversations, then Paris Saint-Germain also appeared. “I did not speak directly to any of them, but there were conversations with the clubs. However, my intention at the time was to stay. I hadn’t had a good year or a positive last six months, so I didn’t want to leave with that image because I think I had given the club a lot of nice moments and it wasn’t fair that I went like this. “So I also communicated that my intention was to stay, work to grow and give my best here. Obviously it was not easy because Juventus’ intentions were different, but after the market closed, there was no more time and with the arrival of [Maurizio] Sarri I grew a lot. “The team started playing football much better and that made me stay and I’ve had a great year until today.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Juve’s Dybala confirms Man Utd and Tottenham interest appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.