When UEFA’s executive committee meet on June 17, they have some major decisions to finalise regarding this seasons European competitions. UEFA still need to determine how to finish this season’s Champions League and Europa League. Aside from scaling back the amount of games remaining in each competition, UEFA also seem set to relocate the Champions League final. The Champions League final was supposed to be held in Istanbul, Turkey. However, the New York Times recently revealed that Turkey are unable to fulfil this obligation due to their issues controlling the coronavirus. Readers have bene told: The Champions League final, one of sport’s most-watched annual events, will not be held at its planned site, Istanbul, amid the ongoing crisis brought on by the coronavirus pandemic, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. This year’s Champions League final to be moved from Istanbul. Uefa will finalise new plans for tournament at a meeting on June 17. via @NYTimeso https://t.co/MjkVpsuWlV — tariq panja (@tariqpanja) May 29, 2020 In recent days, speculation had mounted that Lisbon, Portugal, would be selected to host the Champions League final. German paper Bild claimed that Lisbon had been selected for a couple of main reasons: 1) Portugal have recorded low Covid-19 cases compared to many other European countries and 2) there are no teams from Portugal left in the Champions League. Bild are reporting that Lisbon has beaten Frankfurt in the race to be the destination for the UEFA Champions Tournament™️https://t.co/nXONVIfuA6 — Chris Williams (@Chris78Williams) June 6, 2020 However, as confirmed by the Guardian on Tuesday, Madrid are looking to stage the Champions League final as well. Of course, Spain have suffered one of the highest amounts of deaths from the Covid-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, Madrid’s mayor, José Luis Martínez-Almeida, has now pitched his city’s bid to host the Champions League final: I know arrangements are being made and I want to declare the city hall’s absolute support for this Champions League final being held in Madrid. We have the adequate safety conditions, we have the infrastructure and public services to hold it and it would send a message to the world that, despite all the drama we have lived, Madrid isn’t giving up and is on the rise again. Madrid bids to host Champions League final if Uefa rules out Istanbul https://t.co/LHJNzoaXsa — Guardian sport (@guardian_sport) June 9, 2020 Both Madrid clubs are still in this season’s Champions League. Atletico are through to the quarter-finals after knocking out Liverpool. Real are still in the competition, however they lost their last-16 first-leg at home against Man City, 2-1. Also see: Jurgen Klopp explains why Liverpool can’t afford Timo Werner & when Chelsea can expect the transfer to be finalised. Man United may sign Real Madrid target Donny van de Beek & what happened when Paul Pogba faced off against Bruno Fernandes. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Chelsea, Man City, Man United & Wolves Four Premier League sides are still in UEFA’s European competitions this season. In the Champions League, Chelsea are still in the hat. Just. Chelsea need to travel to Germany for the second leg of their last-16 tie against Bayern Munich. Bayern are in… May 27, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): UEFA remains committed to completing the suspended football season in Europe despite the coronavirus pandemic after making “a strong recommendation” on Tuesday that leagues across the continent be played to a conclusion. “There was a strong recommendation given to finish domestic top division and cup competitions,” European football’s… April 25, 2020 In "News" Madrid’s Estadio Metropolitano has been selected to host the 2019 UEFA Champions League final. According to uefa.com, the decision was officially made as the Union of European Football Association (UEFA) Executive committee met on Wednesday in Nyon to discuss matters related to European football and appointed the stadium as the… September 20, 2017 In "Sports"