After a hiatus of over 3 months, the Premier League finally returned to our screens on Wednesday. Aston Villa and Sheffield United kicked things off in the early clash. And whilst the football itself was, unsurprisingly, rather mediocre, even that game wasn’t without controversy. It was the meeting between Man City and Arsenal, though, which fans were no doubt eager to take in. Both sides put out attack-minded line-ups for what looked set to be an eventful tie. Mikel Arteta’s focus on youth was also apparent, as the north Londoners’ attacking quartet was made up of three players aged 21 or under. Your City line-up! XI | Ederson, Walker, E Garcia, Laporte, Mendy, Gundogan, De Bruyne, Silva (C), Mahrez, Jesus, Sterling SUBS | Carson, Aguero, Zinchenko, Rodrigo, Sane, Bernardo, Fernandinho, Otamendi, Foden @HAYSWorldwide#ManCity pic.twitter.com/iSovRJDlG5 — Manchester City (@ManCity) June 17, 2020 And while City do not have an awful lot to play for in the Premier League at present following the disintegration of their title defence, Mikel Arteta will have been desperate to pick up all three points on his first return to Man City since taking the Arsenal job. The Gunners kicked-off on Wednesday three points off 6th spot and two further adrift of Manchester United, who sit 5th – a spot which could well be enough to secure Champions League football next term due to City’s European ban. It would be Arsenal who carved out the first chance of the evening, when youngster Eddie Nketiah burst through on goal before being flagged for offside. Kevin De Bruyne then came close to opening the scoring just moments later, but Bernd Leno tipped the Belgian’s free-kick over the bar. And with less than seven minutes on the clock, the heightened injury risk of the COVID-19-extended campaign became altogether apparent, with Granit Xhaka forced off on a stretcher for Arsenal. Dani Ceballos was introduced in his place. The Gunners’ injury woes continued over the early exchanges, with Pablo Mari then forced off after 24 minutes. David Luiz would replace the Spaniard. The tie then, as was to be expected after such a long break, settled into a rather methodical pace, with neither side carving out too may opportunities. Man City would eventually begin to assert their dominance as the first-half wore on, though. Riyad Mahrez forced a solid save out of an in-form Leno after some eye-catching play by the Sky Blues. The goal-shy Raheem Sterling then had a huge chance to open his account for 2020, but the winger guided his shot well over the bar. Sterling would be gifted a second opportunity minutes before the interval, though, when a David Luiz deflection landed right at the winger’s feet. And the English international made no mistake this time around, smashing his finish into the roof of the net to give City the lead. Let’s be honest… what signifies the return of the English top-flight more than some questionable defending from David Luiz? It’s a nightmare return for David Luiz! Arsenal’s centre-back misjudges the bounce of the ball and Raheem Sterling smashes it in! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #MCIARS here: https://t.co/WTsAxJV778Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/iDsCtnbddF — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) June 17, 2020 The opening goal would be the last notable piece of action of the first-half, with City heading in deserved leaders. The second 45 began much the same way that the first ended, with the Manchester powerhouse on top. And after just three minutes of action, the error-prone Luiz once again cost Arsenal a goal. Luiz, 33, but playing with the naivety of a youth player, unnecessarily pulled down Mahrez in the box. The Brazilian was quickly given his marching orders, before Kevin De Bruyne stepped up to convert the ensuing penalty in typically calm fashion. It goes from bad to worse for David Luiz! It’s a red card and a penalty against the Arsenal man – he’ll want to forget today in a hurry… Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #MCIARS here: https://t.co/WTsAxJV778Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/AMmDhr4tnx — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) June 17, 2020 The spot-kick and subsequent goal essentially killed off Mikel Arteta’s hopes of getting any sort of result from his first return to the Etihad. And whilst Arsenal were by no means perfect throughout the first 50 minutes or so, it is hard not to pin the majority of the blame on David Luiz. The centre-half has spent over a decade plying his trade in one of Europe’s top-five leagues, lining out in some pretty successful sides. Yet for all his experience, Luiz is still as naive and clumsy now as he was back during his first Chelsea stint. 2015 – David Luiz is the first player to be sent off, concede a penalty and commit an error leading to an opposition goal in a Premier League match since Carl Jenkinson for West Ham vs Bournemouth in August 2015. Hat-Trick. #MCIARS pic.twitter.com/zpLK6yDfxm — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) June 17, 2020 It was reported earlier this month that Arsenal were set to offer Luiz an extension to his current deal, which expires on June 30th. But if Arsenal and Arteta have any sense, they will allow Luiz to see out his current contract, and get him away from the club as soon as possible. Arteta clearly isn’t overly enamoured with the former Chelsea man, as he opted to start the now-injured Pablo Mari over Luiz tonight. And to Arsenal’s credit, before Luiz was brought on, they had more or less held their own against the Citizens. But the Gunners would again be made to pay for the mistakes of their stopper. After Arsenal went a man down, and with a two-goal lead to their name, City would settle down into the type of dominant pattern of play we have seen so often from the Premier League champions over recent years. Unfortunately, though, Citizens centre-back Eric Garcia would be stretchered off late in the game, following a nasty-looking collision with his own goalkeeper. Substitute Phil Foden then killed the game off in injury-time, slotting home following Sergio Aguero’s shot. The final whistle blew with the score at 3-0, meaning City have spoiled Liverpool’s title party for at least one more game. See also: Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips West Ham United vs Wolves live streaming and betting tips Everton FC vs Liverpool FC live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.