Photos emerging online this evening have showcased both N’Golo Kante and Christian Pulisic playing their parts in Chelsea’s victory over Reading. Following a near-3-month hiatus, football is of course gearing up for an imminent return in the UK. The Premier League is set to return to screens across the globe next week, as the COVID-19 enforced break finally comes to an end. Ahead of getting their respective campaigns back underway, meanwhile, a number of English top-flight clubs have organised friendly outings this week. The behind-closed-doors matchups are intended to aid players in finding match sharpness, as well as ensuring that a swift return to a hectic schedule over the coming weeks doesn’t result in a spike in injuries. Chelsea were one of a number of Premier League clubs to have taken on lower-league opposition earlier today, with Frank Lampard’s men having welcomed Championship outfit Reading to Cobham. The hosts eventually emerged with a 1-0 victory, courtesy of a strike from soon-to-be out-of-contract Pedro Rodriguez. Pedro scored in Chelsea’s 1-0 friendly win over Reading N’Golo Kante featured in the match #CFC pic.twitter.com/uLOzgNKXTq — Chelsea FC News (@Chelsea_FL) June 10, 2020 Another aspect of Chelsea’s win, though, will no doubt be seen as the key takeaway from this evening’s proceedings. This came in the form of the participation of both N’Golo Kante and Christian Pulisic. The possibility that French midfielder Kante would not feature for Chelsea again this season was floated in the media last month, after the 29-year-old was given permission to keep his distance from the club’s training ground due to fears over the spread of the coronavirus. After the Londoners confirmed that their midfield dynamo had come to the decision to return to contact training yesterday, though, Kante today took things a step further, by lining out versus Reading. Christian Pulisic, meanwhile, has not featured in a competitive fixture since the opening day of the year, after picking up an abductor injury. The American international, though, was another to have taken part earlier today, and looks set to be available for selection when Chelsea get their Premier League campaign back underway at Aston Villa next weekend. N’Golo Kante and Christian Pulisic were among the Chelsea players who beat Reading during a friendly today. pic.twitter.com/seI8nztE70 — B/R Football (@brfootball) June 10, 2020 Liverpool & Man City likely to enter Kai Havertz race, Chelsea may sell Olivier Giroud to a London rival to raise funds Newcastle have started transfer talks with Barcelona’s Philippe Coutinho Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has this evening provided fitness updates on a number of his squad’s stars, ahead of their meeting with Watford. Watford vs Chelsea The Blues are set to travel to Vicarage Road tomorrow, for the day’s late Premier League kick-off. Lampard’s men will head into proceedings, unlike… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea midfielder N’Golo Kante has this afternoon provided an update on his future, reassuring all associated with the club that he remains fully committed to the Blues cause. Kante’s rise to stardom Kante, who arrived at Stamford Bridge from Leicester City in the summer of 2016, has proven an absolute… November 10, 2019 In "Sports" Big injury update for Chelsea Injury updates on Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante, Mateo Kovacic, Emerson Palmieri and Andreas Christensen have been reported ahead of the clash with Newcastle. Chelsea have struggled with numerous injury problems so far this season. Reece James, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Antonio Rüdiger and Ruben Loftus Cheek have all… October 16, 2019 In "Sports"