A harrowing story surrounding Derby County star Andre Wisdom has emerged online this evening. Wisdom, 27, is remembered by most for his time on the books of Liverpool. The full-back is a product of the Reds’ youth academy, with Wisdom having gone on to line out for the current Premier League champions on 22 occasions as a youngster. The years that followed saw the former English youth international farmed out on a series of loans, with the likes of West Brom and Norwich City. As such, it came as little surprise when, in the summer of 2017, Wisdom departed Liverpool on a permanent basis, to link up with Derby County. The Leeds native has since, meanwhile, rotated in and out of the Rams’ starting XI during his time at Pride Park, though recent months have seen him go on to establish himself as an absolutely integral member of Phillip Cocu’s backline. Wisdom has earned starts in all of Derby’s last 12 outings across all competitions, including both of the Championship outfit’s fixtures since the return of English football earlier this month. The stopper’s superb spell of form even led to manager Cocu singling Wisdom out for special praise prior to the COVID-19 break back in March. As outlined above, however, Derby may need to make do without the services of their in-form star over the coming weeks. The reason, though, makes football seem rather unimportant in comparison. In a shocking story emerging from the media this evening, word has been forthcoming that Wisdom has been stabbed, in an apparent robbery. An official Derby County statement on the matter confirmed: ‘Andre Wisdom has been the victim of an unprovoked assault and robbery.’ ‘He sustained injuries which resulted in him being admitted to hospital.’ Get well soon, Wis.  pic.twitter.com/fjszWBcOzQ — Derby County (@dcfcofficial) June 29, 2020 Thankfully, as since added by the reliable Ryan Conway of the Athletic, Wisdom is said to be in stable condition in hospital: The Sun’s report of Andre Wisdom’s stabbing is accurate. He’s in a stable condition and expected to make a full recovery. #DCFC — Ryan Conway (@RJConway92) June 29, 2020 Really wishing Andre Wisdom a speedy recovery . A colossus at the back for Derby since he regained full fitness. Lovely dude whenever I’ve had a brief chat with him. Thankful he’s stable. Hope whomever did this is brought to justice. Disgusting act of cowardice. — Ryan Conway (@RJConway92) June 29, 2020 Jurgen Klopp pens open letter to Liverpool’s fans over celebrations/Pays tribute to Gerrard & Dalglish Liverpool must improve on title-winning season to retain Premier League – Milner Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.