As revealed this afternoon, clubs in the Premier League have been granted permission to hold a number of friendly fixtures, ahead of the campaign’s imminent return. Following a near 3-month hiatus amid the COVID-19 crisis, major progress towards the resumption of top-flight football in the UK has been made over the last couple of weeks. At a meeting between Premier League shareholders last month, it was reiterated that all 20 clubs intend to play out their remaining fixtures. This was followed by a key step forward in the ‘Project Restart’ process, when confirmation was forthcoming that a return to ‘small group training’ had been sanctioned. And, finally, in the announcement that football lovers across England and beyond had been patiently waiting for, the Premier League revealed that a date had been set for a return to competitive action: 17.06.2020 Premier League Shareholders today agreed to a new provisional restart date for the 2019/20 season of Wednesday 17 June, provided that all safety requirements are in place — Premier League (@premierleague) May 28, 2020 One concern to have been consistently voiced ahead of the campaign getting back underway, however, surrounds a lack of match sharpness. With Premier League clubs set to hit the 3-month mark without a competitive fixture under their belts next week, it has been suggested that a visible drop in standard may be forthcoming, when football finally returns. Further fears over the potential injury repercussions set to be brought about by such a swift return to an action-packed schedule have also been raised. As outlined above, though, an initiative to ease such concerns across the Premier League landscape has today been approved. As per a report from the Telegraph, English top-flight clubs have been granted permission to hold friendly fixtures amongst themselves, to build match fitness ahead of the season’s resumption. A negative coronavirus test will understandably be required by all players before taking to the pitch, with some of the other conditions to ensure maximum safety also outlined below: Such friendlies are expected to get underway as early as this weekend. Premier League clubs given green light to stage friendlies ahead of season restart.* Clubs forbidden from travelling further than 90 mins* Players must travel in their own cars* Coaching staff to referee gameshttps://t.co/erBLFl5JVW — John Percy (@JPercyTelegraph) June 2, 2020 Mikel Arteta to ‘take matters into his own hands’ to keep hold of Aubameyang/Arsenal yet to table contract offer While Liverpool, Chelsea & Man United’s stars pay tribute to George Floyd, Kick It Out petition FA to stop sanctions Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.