Africa Women Innovation & Entrepreneurship Forum (AWIEF) is a pan-African non-profit organisation which nurtures and actively promotes women innovation and entrepreneurship in Africa, through its development programmes, accelerators, and networking events, including the annual AWIEF Conference, Exhibition and Awards which bring over 1200 women entrepreneurs, thought leaders, governments, investors, academia and media, together from across Africa and beyond. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Lagos Skills and Attributes Qualifications and Experience Required Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Project Manager at Africa Women Innovation & Entrepreneurship Forum (AWIEF) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Irene Ochem is the founder and CEO of AWIEF, a premier Pan-African organisation bringing leading women entrepreneurs together and fostering sustainable women entrepreneurship in Africa through its initiatives and programmes. She holds a bachelor’s and postgraduate degrees, as well as an MBA in International Management, acquired at the University of… April 3, 2020 In "News" For our #BellaNaijaMCM feature this week, we celebrate Femi Taiwo, the Executive Director of LEAP Africa, a youth-focused leadership development nonprofit organisation with a mission to inspire, empower and equip a new cadre of leaders with skills and tools for personal, organisation and community transformation. Before LEAP Africa, Femi was… March 2, 2020 In "Entertainment" The international conglomerate of project managers and think tanks, The Leadership Project (TLP), partners with foremost PR and advertising firm, Zenera Consulting, to host the maiden edition of the West African Business Leaders’ Summit (WABLS); an event pivoted on profitability, leadership, and innovation in the business space. The summit is… February 28, 2020 In "Entertainment"