There are four matches in the Premier League on Wednesday, including Bournemouth versus Newcastle. Also see: AFC Bournemouth vs Newcastle United live streaming & betting tips. A win for Bournemouth would lift the Cherries out of the bottom three and above Watford. However, Eddie Howe’s side come into the match following three defeats in a row. Newcastle are 14th, and the Magpies come into the match after losing their FA Cup quarterfinal against Man City. In the league, Newcastle have three wins and a draw in their last four games. Last updated: 1 min ago Bournemouth have problems in their attack for the match against Newcastle. Striker Callum Wilson was booked in the last match against Wolves. That was his 10th booking of the season, which has triggered an automatic two-match ban. Wilson will also miss Bournemouth’s trip to Man United on Saturday. “The goalscoring issue has been an issue for us throughout the season and the biggest concern is that it is very unlike us. “The last two games have been tight but we haven’t done enough.”#BOUNEW // #afcb  pic.twitter.com/SlBqGZ0Jqr — AFC Bournemouth (@afcbournemouth) June 30, 2020 Meanwhile, Josh King missed the Wolves match with an ankle problem. Eddie Howe has confirmed that King has undergone a scan and “nothing serious came back from it”, however the striker is yet to return to training. Howe confirmed King “will be touch and go for ” for the Newcastle match. “Joshua King had a scan, nothing serious came back from it. He still hasn’t trained with us so will be touch and go for the game. “Philip Billling is fit and ready from his dead leg.”#BOUNEW // #afcb  pic.twitter.com/IAVTswA1tk — AFC Bournemouth (@afcbournemouth) June 30, 2020 In the event King misses out, Dom Solanke could be called upon to lead the line. Solanke has yet to score in the Premier League this season. “I’m sure Dom is very keen to show everybody his talents and how good he is on a more consistent basis. “We see it in training every day, I’m really pleased with how he’s conducted himself” “He’s a really, really strong team player.”#BOUNEW // #afcb  pic.twitter.com/QBzjhdbQf8 — AFC Bournemouth (@afcbournemouth) June 30, 2020 Midfielder Philip Billing was subbed off in the defeat against Wolves, and he was replaced by Dan Gosling. However, in a boost for the Cherries, manager Howe confirmed that Billing is available to play in midweek. Finally, Charlie Daniels is a long-term absentee for Bournemouth due to a knee injury, while Ryan Fraser is no longer with Bournemouth as his contract expires on June 30. Also see: Brighton vs Manchester United live streaming and betting tips. Manchester City vs Liverpool FC live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.