25-year-old James Ward-Prowse is set to be presented with an opportunity to extend his stay at Southampton. Sun reporter Tom Barclay has revealed that the Saints are ready to begin contract talks with Ward-Prowse. The midfielder’s present deal at St Mary’s expires in 2022. This season Ward-Prowse has scored 4 Premier League goals and he’s chipped in with 3 assists. Understand #saintsfc have begun talks to extend James Ward-Prowse’s contract, which currently has 2yrs left. They’re already in negotiations over doing the same for Ryan Bertrand, who has 1yr left. Shane Long, Will Smallbone & boss Ralph Hasenhuttl all recently signed new deals — Tom Barclay (@TomBarclay_) June 14, 2020 Last Thursday, the Times claimed that Leicester City are considering a move for 30-year-old Ryan Bertrand. According to reporter Gary Jacob, “Leicester City are increasingly resigned to Ben Chilwell leaving for Chelsea”. In the event that Chelsea land Chiwell, the Times listed Bertrand as a possible replacement left-back at the King Power Stadium: Brendan Rodgers, the Leicester manager, has shown interest in Ryan Bertrand, who has one year left on his contract at Southampton. Bertrand, who will turn 31 in August, was coached by Rodgers at Chelsea’s academy and played under him on loan at Reading. Bertrand has made 24 Premier League appearances this season for Southampton. He’s scored one league goal and chipped in with one league assist. Yet, the Sun’s Tom Barclay now reports that Southampton are hoping to agree a contract extension with Bertrand. View this post on Instagram GEARING UP A post shared by  Southampton FC (@southamptonfc) on Jun 12, 2020 at 11:39am PDT Southampton were in action at St Mary’s this weekend in a friendly against Bristol City. Stuart Armstrong fired Southampton into an early 2-0 lead. However Bristol CIty hit back with goals from Niclas Eliasson and Callum O’Dowda. Danny Ings scored the winner for the Saints. Stu Armstrong @IngsDanny Warming up for next week’s restart date: pic.twitter.com/TNxBwsi82f — Southampton FC (@SouthamptonFC) June 12, 2020 Southampton return to Premier League action next weekend when they face Norwich. It’s been confirmed that one Noriwhc player has tested positive for Covid-19. That unnamed player will now be unavailable for the game against the Saints. Also see: Kia Joorabchian ‘confirms’ that Philippe Coutinho wants to return to Liverpool. Mallorca to be punished for pitch invader vs Barcelona & match highlights including Leo Messi’s 20th goal of the season. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.