Barcelona have moved to provide an update on the fitness of talisman Lionel Messi, ahead of the club’s return to competitive action. La Liga will come as the latest of Europe’s top leagues to get back underway next week. The Spanish top-flight, along with the Premier League and Serie A, have been suspended since the middle of March, following the outbreak of COVID-19. But, after the Bundesliga paved the way with a successful and above all safe resumption last month, La Liga positioned themselves as next in line, with a Seville derby clash on the 11th of June set to get Spanish professional football back in motion. #LaLiga set for June 11 restart with Sevilla-Betis as first game. President Javier Tebas says computer programme being used to calculate temperatures for suitable schedules, but reveals matches will be put back if there’s a heatwave… https://t.co/xl72KgTUvS — Ben Hayward (@bghayward) May 25, 2020 As things stand, it is champions Barcelona who lead the way atop the La Liga table, ahead of the season’s restart. Quique Setien’s men sit 2 points clear of Clasico rivals Real Madrid, with 11 fixtures remaining. Barca’s attempts to retain their Spanish crown will get back underway next Saturday, with a trip to struggling Mallorca. The Blaugrana will of course head into proceedings as overwhelming favourites to secure all 3 points, with the Catalan giants having put their upcoming hosts to the sword by 5 goals to 2 in the reverse fixture back in December. However, recent days have seen all associated with Barcelona forced to sweat, in anticipation of their visit to the Iberostar Stadium. This comes after Lionel Messi picked up an injury problem in training. The issue immediately resulted in fears that the Argentine attacker’s potential participation at Mallorca had been placed in serious doubt. As outlined above, though, the Blaugrana have today provided an update on the wellbeing of their club captain, with the news largely reassuring. In a statement across Barca’s social media platforms and official website, Messi’s injury was confirmed, but, crucially, it is also added that the Ballon d’Or holder is expected to return to training ‘in a few days’ time’: ‘Barca captain Leo Messi has a minor right quadriceps injury and trained in isolation, doing specific exercises to avoid unnecessary risks with just eight days remaining before Barca finally get back to playing matches. He should be able to rejoin his team-mates in a few days’ time.’ Leo #Messi and @ANSUFATI have done specific work in today’s training session. — FC Barcelona (from ) (@FCBarcelona) June 5, 2020 Bruno Fernandes details emotional moment he found out he had chance to move to Man United Manchester United set to offer Brandon Williams a major new contract – Athletic Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.