The agent of Manchester United-linked Florentino Luis has recently discussed interest in his client. Florentino Luis has been a part of Benfica’s youth system since the age of 10, after joining the Portuguese powerhouse from Real SC Formação. Florentino has since gone on to work his way through As Águias’ academy, notching 69 appearances for the club’s B-team. After impressing at youth level, the now 20-year-old was promoted to Benfica’s senior side back in February of 2019. And the defensive-minded midfielder has gone on to garner 29 appearances across all competitions for the Primeira Liga giants, including two Champions League outings this term. As well as impressing at club level, Florentino has also been a mainstay at youth level for Portugal for many years. In total, the Benfica youth has racked up 71 appearances for Portugal between under-15 and under-21 level. View this post on Instagram Keep pushing hard! #PeloBenfica #stepbystep #Copa A post shared by  Florentino Luis (@florentino_luis61) on Jun 2, 2020 at 10:47am PDT As he continues to showcase his immense potential at both club and international level, Florentino is seemingly attracting interest from some of Europe’s heavy-hitters. The likes of AC Milan, Bayer Leverkusen and Manchester United are said to be keeping an eye on the youngster, with Goal having claimed that the latter are among the clubs mulling over a formal approach ahead of the upcoming transfer window. ESPN also claim that Bruno Carvalho Santos, the Benfica midfielder’s agent, met with Man United officials in January, and has been fielding enquiries for the last few months. And now, as mentioned above, Florentino’s agent has spoken out over the interest in his client. During an interview with ESPN, Santos provided an insight into the situation surrounding the Benfica starlet, revealing that competition for Florentino’s signature stems from clubs in England, Spain and Germany: “Florentino is one of the highest rated young defensive midfielders in Europe, so there is a lot of interest in him at the moment. “There has been a lot of talk about Milan, but I can tell you that there is a lot of competition for his services, with clubs in England, Germany and Spain also following him closely.” See also: FC Bayern Munich vs Fortuna Dusseldorf live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Borussia Dortmund vs Hertha BSC live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.