The Institute for Humanitarian Studies & Social Development (IHSD) is Africa’s foremost professional institution of higher learning and development-consultancy institute; providing Alternative – Quality Education in the humanitarian, social and non- profit sectors. The Institute was officially inaugurated in August 2010 to complement the efforts of the Government and the United Nations by promoting and encouraging volunteerism, professionalism, intellectualism, skilled man-power, values, and integrity in the Humanitarian and Non Profit sector in Nigeria. With over a decade of experience in capacity building, the institute is in active partnership with the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) where it is involved in joint training and humanitarian programs in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 25th June, 2020. The post Now Hiring at Institute for Humanitarian Studies & Social Development (4 Jobs) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. (A). Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business advisory and market intelligence services firm. Our objectives are to assist organizations to achieve their growth aspirations by providing market intelligence, strategy blueprint, IT solution delivery expertise and business operation improvement capabilities.… June 9, 2020 In "Jobs" The International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) is a not-for-profit institution that generates agricultural innovations to meet Africa’s most pressing challenges of hunger, malnutrition, poverty, and natural resource degradation. Working with various partners across sub-Saharan Africa, we improve livelihoods, enhance food and nutrition security, increase employment, and preserve natural resource… June 28, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) The International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) is a not-for-profit institution that generates agricultural innovations to meet Africa’s most pressing challenges of hunger, malnutrition, poverty, and natural resource degradation. 1. Research Associate Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Subject Teacher – English and… December 20, 2019 In "Gists"