A recent report from the English media has named Wolves as the latest Premier League side to have shown an interest in Axel Disasi. Disasi joined Stade Reims’ B team in the summer of 2016, when he departed Paris FC on a free transfer. The now 22-year-old endured a fairly slow start to life with Reims, notching just 13 Ligue 2 appearances during his first season at the club. Then, in the 2018/19 campaign, upon Reims’ return to the French top-flight, the France under-20 international would feature in just four league outings. However, despite his extremely limited game time the season prior, the 2019/20 campaign saw Disasi cement himself as an integral member of Reims’ backline. The centre-half played the full 90 minutes in all but one of the club’s 28 Ligue 1 ties this term. And as the Ligue 1 season has, of course, already been brought to a premature end due to COVID-19, Reims can now claim the impressive achievement of having conceded the fewest goals in the French top-flight. Les Rouge et Blanc let in just 21 goals over the course of their league campaign, three fewer than champions PSG – with Disasi having played a key role in this feat. View this post on Instagram Un point pris au finish A post shared by  Axel Disasi (@axel_disasi) on Feb 24, 2020 at 12:55pm PST Now, after a sensational 2019/20 campaign with Reims, Disasi appears to be garnering interest from elsewhere in Europe. The Daily Mail claim that the likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and Southampton have all shown an interest in the stopper. But, as mentioned above, the same report from the Mail also alleges that yet another Premier League outfit are eyeing the Frenchman. The side in question are Wolves, with the Mail adding that Disasi is rated at £13m. Wolves parted with loanee Jesus Vallejo back in January following a disappointing spell at Molineux for the Spaniard, and have not brought in another centre-back since, meaning they could indeed be on the lookout for defensive reinforcements this summer. See also: Mallorca vs Barcelona preview: How to watch La Liga online, betting tips, prediction and odds Real Madrid vs Eibar preview: How to watch La Liga online, betting tips, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.