Wande Coal – “Again” Missing your lover? Did you swoon over “Ololufe,” “Private Tips,” “SuperWoman,” and “So Mi So“? Then this track is for you. This track is the singer’s first single of the year and it was produced by Melvitto. On the mid-tempo Afropop tune, Wande showcases his irresistible loving side to spice up the love season. Another exciting jam for love birds. Dice Ailes – “Pim Pim” ft. OlamideDice Ailes the Waterman might be strange to you but he’s no newcomer to the music industry. He might not be consistent in releasing music but anytime he does, it causes chaos. In this infectious Cracker produced track, Dice recruited Olamide Baddo who delivered banging lines like he always does. The afrobeat/Afropop jam has continued to burst speakers and all it takes is just one listen for you to fall in love with the song. “Na only you dey press my pim pim, pim pim..Only you dey give me ginger ooooo” Oxlade “Hold On”“Hold On”, is the second track lifted off his critically acclaimed EP, ‘Oxygene’. The track is a sweet romantic poem to a girl Oxlade can’t seem to do without/ breathe without. Oxlade sings about losing control over his lady. He is love drunk and can’t seem to get enough of her love. If you love “Away” which is on the same EP, you’ll definitely get addicted to this tune. Rema – “Ginger Me”We know Remy Boy is a bad boy but with “Ginger Me,” we get to see another side of the loverboy. “Ginger Me” is a soul, pop, afro-Indie record produced by The Element. It’s a love song that sees a young boy putting his bad boy behavior/swag aside to confess his love feelings to the lady that hypes his system. It’s got a catchy chorus; one of those songs you don’t realize when it ends because it keeps playing in your head. Omah Lay – “Ye Ye Ye“The singer seems to have dominated this list because his songs are currently taking the music scene by storm, climbing charts, and breaking records. His “Get Layd” EP has a couple of amazing songs and “Ye Ye Ye” is one of them. This cool R n B track is a track meant to soothe your ears. So lay back and let the lyrics get you in your feelings. Joeboy – “Call Me”Since he got his big break, Joeboy has been giving calm and cool loverboy vibes. “Call” released as the lead single off his forthcoming debut album introduces a much darker and urgent edge to his sound. You could say this is a plot twist to his “Don’t Call Me Back” where he tells his lover never to contact him. The single is centered on a lot of promises, affection, and loving, but it’s dope. Joeboy tells his lover to call on him no matter the situation. Try checking out the visuals, we can assure you that you’ll be wowed. Mayorkun – “Of Lagos”There are some songs you can’t just miss even if you’re not a music enthusiast. Surely you heard people chanting “Of Lay Lay Lay Of Lagos! Gbas Gbos! Set Awon” because this song is literally everywhere. After the success of “Geng,” Mayorkun released another track meant for vibes only. Yes, the singer chanted the words “Of Lagos” throughout the song but it’s got catchy lyrics and a banging beat. If you haven’t vibes to this song, you’re definitely missing out. Rahman Jago x Jamopyper x Zlatan – “Of LaLa”So the Entire Zanku Records (ZTTW) crew decided to bless fans with another street banger and it turned out great. “Of Lala” performed by RahmanJago, Jamopyper, and Zlatan and produced by Jabulani is the latest unlocked street vibe well because of its catchy lyrics. Hey! Do not confuse this with Mayorkun’s “Of Lagos” just because of its similar titles. “Of LaLa” is a different vibe on its own and you wouldn’t want to miss that. Fireboy DML – “New York City Girl”We’ve all been in that situation, liking/loving you might never see again. Most times it ends in tears, sometimes, it ends beautifully. Fireboy takes us on a trip down memory lane with “New York City Girl”.Fireboy DML sings about how he met a NewYork girl who came in for a short time. He got captivated by her beauty, striking appearance and now wants to have the best, lovely moments with her before she returns for summer. Enjoy this Type A produced mid-tempo Afro-pop record and thank us later. Above are the 9 Nigerian Songs of The Week that are trending and need your listening… The post 9 Nigerian Songs You Should Listen To This Week appeared first on tooXclusive. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.