Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has today moved to play down the rampant hype surrounding teenage sensation Youssoufa Moukoko. Moukoko is widely-regarded as one of the finest young talents in world football. The teen first began to turn heads across Europe after making his debut for Borussia Dortmund’s U17s back in 2017, at the age of 12. And Moukoko’s staggering goalscoring exploits, despite his tender years, subsequently saw the German hitman promoted to BVB’s U17 setup last season. To say that the teenage hitman has since lit up the German youth scene even further, meanwhile, would be putting it lightly. Incredibly, the 2018/19 campaign saw Moukoko go on to find the back of the net 46 times in 25 appearances, all while playing 3 years above his age group. 46 goals in 25 games … and he’s only 14! pic.twitter.com/45JWdZ2Qvk — Borussia Dortmund (@BlackYellow) June 2, 2019 Before the current season was halted by the COVID-19 outbreak, meanwhile, the prodigious attacker had directly contributed to 43 goals in 20 appearances in the U19 Bundesliga. To reiterate, Moukoko is currently 15 years of age… These jaw-dropping exploits, meanwhile, have inevitably led to questions over recent months regarding when Dortmund may simply throw caution to the wind, by handing their explosive young talent his first-team debut. A change in the Bundesliga’s regulations this past April, meanwhile, saw the age at which a player is permitted to line out in the German top-flight dropped to just 16. This means that, Moukoko will, by the rules, be free to line out for Dortmund’s senior outfit from November. As such, speaking in an interview earlier today, BVB director Michael Zorc was drawn on the expectations surrounding the club’s prodigious striker, as well as the possibility of Moukoko taking to the pitch under Lucien Favre in the near future. Zorc, though, was keen to play down the hype, assuring that Dortmund are ‘not putting any pressure’ on Moukoko: ‘The framework conditions for professional appearances by absolute exceptional players of this age has been created, but we are not putting any pressure on him at all,’ Zorc told Bild am Sonntag, as cited by Goal. ‘We do well not to raise expectations of Youssoufa too high.’ Leo Messi is fit & the Neymar, PSG, Barcelona summer soap opera kicks off Man City vs UEFA: Man United stand to benefit from CAS decision as source tells the FT ‘City have no evidence’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.