Dangote Group is one of Nigeria’s most diversified business conglomerates with a hard – earned reputation for excellent business practices and products’ quality with its operational headquarters in the bustling metropolis of Lagos, Nigeria in West Africa. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 2 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 10 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Slot: 5 Openings. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 19th June, 2020. The post Fresh Graduates Recruitment at Dangote Group (9 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. (A). Dangote Group Dangote Group is one of Nigeria’s most diversified business conglomerates with a hard – earned reputation for excellent business practices and products’ quality with its operational headquarters in the bustling metropolis of Lagos, Nigeria in West Africa. 1. Lead Firefighter Supervisor Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to… June 2, 2020 In "Jobs" Dangote Group is one of Nigeria’s most diversified business conglomerates with a hard – earned reputation for excellent business practices and products’ quality with its operational headquarters in the bustling metropolis of Lagos, Nigeria in West Africa. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. HSE Officer Location: Kogi… February 26, 2020 In "Gists" (A). Dangote Group Dangote Group is one of Nigeria’s most diversified business conglomerates with a hard – earned reputation for excellent business practices and products’ quality with its operational headquarters in the bustling metropolis of Lagos, Nigeria in West Africa. 1. HSE Officer Slots: 3 Click Here to Read Job Details &… February 26, 2020 In "Gists"