Bad news for Sheffield United and many Fantasy Premier League managers… Hours before the Blades restart the Premier League season with an away match at Aston Villa, it’s been revealed that Sheffield United have injury problems. These problems come a couple of days after the club publicly stated Chris Wilder had a fully fit for Wednesday. Injury report Chris Wilder has a full squad to choose from with the Bladesmen coming through unscathed after their three behind closed doors friendlies. pic.twitter.com/tAgOlQinPY — Sheffield United (@SheffieldUnited) June 15, 2020 The Gaffer speaking at this morning’s Zoom Press Conference ahead of Villa. pic.twitter.com/3xoHROicH7 — Sheffield United (@SheffieldUnited) June 15, 2020 Telegraph reporter Sam Wallace has confirmed that Sheffield United defender Jack O’Connell is out of the Villa game: The Sheffield United defender Jack O’Connell is out of tonight’s Premier League match against Aston Villa with a knee injury, the first league minutes that the Englishman has missed all season. It is anticipated that the setback will not prevent him from playing a role later on in the season and in the past he has recovered swiftly from injuries. While the Telegraph are positive about O’Connell’s return this season, it’s unclear when that may be. Sheffield United’s defensive rock Jack O’Connell out of tonight’s game at Villa Park. Previously an ever-present this season. Story: https://t.co/MYVWe5iQmk — Sam Wallace (@SamWallaceTel) June 17, 2020 Not one piece of bad news, but two… The Telegraph have also revealed that one of Sheffield United’s chief set-piece takers, midfielder John Fleck, is also a doubt for Wednesday: There are also doubts about the fitness of midfielder John Fleck, the Scotland international. Sadly we have no extra information on Fleck’s injury issue. John Lundstrum’s chances of being included in the starting XI at Villa Park have now shot up. Lundstrum could partner Sander Berge in the Sheffield United midfield. Black Lives Matter  pic.twitter.com/z24DrJgmkN — Sheffield United (@SheffieldUnited) June 16, 2020 Also see: Anwar El Ghazi reveals he’s trained like an animal, changed diet & cut his fat percentage before Sheffield United. Aston Villa vs Sheffield United preview: Premier League live streaming & betting tips. Manchester City vs Arsenal preview: Premier League live streaming and betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.