Send your thoughts on Timo Werner, ridiculous XIs and more to theeditor@football365.com Chelsea for the title?I never expected to be writing in today about Chelsea signing Timo Werner, honestly dumbstruck in a positive way, as many thought and I’d argue expected, he was off to Liverpool or staying in Germany this summer, so this huge development is certainly out the blue, he could easily be our striker for the next 5,6,7+ years, an incredible goalscorer we NEED. This summer so far, along with the early signing of Hakim Ziyech reminds me very much of that summer we brought in Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas, two early signings, two top class signings and we all know what happened that season, maybe, just maybe Chelsea can challenge Liverpool and City for the title next season, I stress MAYBE, either way I’m excited for our future at Stamford Bridge.Mikey, CFC Didn’t fancy him anywayTwitter seems to be melting down because Werner looks like he’s on his way to Chelsea. We signed nobody last summer and now we are 25 points clear at the top of the league. It’s weird how quickly the 12 year olds on there forget that. We currently have the best GK, RB, CB, LB, DM and 2 wide forwards in the league, give or take. That’s 7 of 11 players who are arguably top of their game and very tough to improve upon. We don’t strictly need to buy in our improvements. Harvey Elliot looks promising and hopefully him and Brewster will keep the pressure on the forward players next season. Gomez could stay injury free and become the second best CB in the league. The future is pretty bright I think, no matter who we sign. Unless this all means we are signing Mbappe of course…Minty, LFC Timo Werner and 14 months of Liverpool talks Identity crisisJMG had an interesting premise ,However the problem I have with his hypothesis is it’s based on Utd being a side that is based on selling players for profit , Across the Fergie era Utd hardly sold players with profit as motivation ,Those who we sold for decent amounts (Ronaldo and Beckham ) were players who wanted to go, Utd have also never been afraid to break records in transfer fees (Stam and Ferdinand,Rooney  (although those players have usually been the only signing of the respective windows and they’ve been willing to let the cost run out over the course of the players career selling the player for a nominal fee if he does actually leave, What has changed mainly especially in the Pre -Ole  has been a lack of focus ,Players have been signed more to appease the current coach ,rather  than what  works for the team.The big issues  included buying Fellaini,Di Maria.Falcao.Lukaku  as while great players they didn’t quiet fit into the rest of the team Sanchez basically failed in the way some of our previous transfers have just not worked, his impact however has been the worst as he changed the wage structure. Slowly it is hoped that players are being bought now that fit what United intend to do on the pitch and results will improve soon.Roode, MUFC Seasoned veteranDear F365, Having just read the news that The Premier League have decided to change the rules and allow five substitutions for ‘project restart’, I have to ask the question; When does a league season stop being a league season? A Premier League season consists of twenty teams, who each play each other twice. Once at home, and once away. The rules are the same for every fixture in that season. Those principles are sacrosanct. The minute you change those principles in the middle of a league season, it ceases to be a league season. On top of the rule changes, the idea of playing certain games at neutral venues continues to linger. Again, this idea goes against the very fabric of what makes a league season, for the reasons I have explained above. There is no legal or sporting justification for relegating teams, deciding European qualification or, dare I say it, declaring a league winner based on an improvised combination of one incomplete league season and another set of fixtures with a different set of rules. I guarantee that there will be multiple court cases as a result of this preposterous idea, that will run for months if not years and cost many millions of pounds. To my fellow mailboxers, will YOU consider the results of this debacle legitimate? I certainly won’t. Kind regardsKen, Wisconsin Oceans of XIsWell I cannot resist an XI challenge and Adam’s challenge was one of the hardest I have ever done, you can pick many holes in my side I am sure but it is the best I have got, pesky loan moves certainly screwed me over with some players, but here is my XI of one player per club in the English league throughout history; GK: Nick Pope (Bury, Charlton, Burnley) LB: Gareth Bale (Southampton, Spurs)CB: Brede Hangeland (Fulham, Palace)CB: Caglar Soyuncu (Leicester)RB: Trent Alexander-Arnold (Liverpool) CM: Frank Lampard (WHU, Swansea, Chelsea, City)CM: Ruben Neves (Wolves)CM: Jay Jay Okocha (Bolton, Hull) FWD: Cristiano Ronaldo (Man Utd)FWD: Mark Viduka (Leeds, Boro, Newcastle)FWD: Thierry Henry (Arsenal)Mikey, CFC (Goalkeeper I found VERY hard to choose) Alright Adam, you captured my attention, here is my attempt* in a 4-3-3; GK: Hugo LlorisRB: Gary NevilleCB: John TerryCB: Lucas RadebeLB: Leighton BainesCM: Jay-Jay OkochaCM: Steven GerrardCM: David SilvaFW: Jamie VardyFW: Alan ShearerFW: Thierry Henry *I’ve fact checked after and it all works out, although I’m not happy with Radebe because he is the only one I don’t actually remember watching play.Néill, Ireland Song birdAlso, excellent shout with Roy Maakay, a seriously brilliant and underrated player. I’d also add his Bayern replacement, Luca Toni to the list of the perennially underrated. Although for me, my most underrated player is the one and only Alex Song. If he had stayed at Arsenal, we would have won the title, especially with the likes of Ozil and Sanchez coming in not too long after. Everyone says we never replaced Vieria, but we had the replacement, we just let him go when the getting was good!Néill, Ireland Cry me a RivaldoThree things. Firstly, I will never not watch that Rivaldo clip. This is right up there with any virtuoso performance I’ve ever seen. Sure, it was only a hat trick, but: 1) The stakes were huge. Last match of the season and they needed a win to get ahead of Valencia on goal difference to qualify for the UCL. 2) Each goal gave Barcelona the lead (1-0, 2-1 and 3-2). 3) The timing of the goals was great. The first got them ahead early (4th minute), the second was a demoralizing (from a Valencia POV) 1st half injury time strike and 3rd was an 88th minute winner. 4) The goals were all top drawer but were scored in different ways. A beautiful free kick off the post. A long range dribble and drive. Topped it off by a self-chested bicycle kick from the top of the 18, a goal that would have been a worthy Puskas candidate. Secondly, while I’ll never defend the flop vs Turkey, people tend to fail to remember that it did not change the course of the match at all. He had already played a sublime cross to Ronaldo for the equaliser and scored an 87th minute PK in this match prior to the 94th minute face-clutching. Kicking a ball at an opponent is always going to be a card (in this case a second yellow). And Rivaldo went uncarded all match, so even had he been carded for simulation (and justifiably so) he would have played the final few seconds anyway. Lastly, (unpopular opinion time???) was what he did REALLY that bad? It was wrong, it was ludicrous, it was theatrical and was done on the grandest of stages but it didn’t annoy me NEARLY as much as many other cheats.  All his actions did was call extra attention to a situation that was eventually punished appropriately. I’d much rather see that happen than an intentional hand-ball that leads to a goal (Thierry/Diego/Lionel). Or a dive with no contact for a card, FK or PK (Robben/Gilardino/Pederson). Or an intentional attempt to injure someone (Keane/Suarez/Ramos). I get that things like “How much contact warrants a PK?” will never be settled, tends to vary from person-to-person and especially if it in your favour or not, but obviously and ideally, those other three things would vanish forever.Dickon (LFC – Ottawa) Drown out the MoyesAm I the only one who completely forgot David Moyes was at West Ham after reading the 5 managers under pressure article?Hugh, Cork/Dublin/Bavaria We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Werner reaction and the most difficult XI challenge yet… appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.