 GOVERNOR Abubakar Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State along with the Minister of Justice Abubakar Malami, SAN offered the two Raka’ah Salat of Eid-el Kabir at the Government House, Birnin Kebbi, yesterday – the first of its kind in the history of the state. A statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Abubakar Mu’azu Dakingari says Governor Bagudu rejoiced with the Muslim Ummah on the occasion of the festival of feast and prayed for peace and tranquillity in the society. He further prayed for the nation’s leaders for progress and economic development of the country, urging the people to imbibe the lessons of the Eid-el-Adha of piety, sacrifice and righteousness. Bagudu also commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his agricultural transformation, provision of critical infrastructure, maintaining peace and tranquillity in the nation. He commended the president for appointing a son of the soil, Abubakar Malami (SAN) as Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation, stressing that he said has been performing creditably well. He made it clear that the people of Kebbi State were solidly behind him and would continue to pray for him to accomplish his mandate. Governor Bagudu appealed to the general public to continue to observe protocols against Covid-19 by social distancing, hands washing, use of sanitizers and face masks. In his message, Malami (SAN) rejoiced with Muslim faithful on the Eid-el-Kabir celebration, prayed for peace and tranquility and vowed to continue to perform his duties as laid down by law.  Original Article Khadijat Saidu, Birnin Kebbi Kebbi Governor Atiku Bagudu has signed the 2020 revised N99.7 billion budget. Bagudu said the revised budget was down with more than N38 billion from the nearly N138.13 billion previously presented to the House of Assembly for passage. The Governor stated that the downward review was… July 30, 2020 In "News" The Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) said Friday, that a person at the helm of leadership should be ready to absorb attacks on his personality. He noted that criticism was part of leadership. Malami stated this after observing Eid prayer in Birnin-Kebbi,… July 31, 2020 In "Finance" The Emir of Gwandu and the Chairman Kebbi Council of Chiefs, Alhaji Muhammadu Bashar, has attributed the current security challenges in the country to the way in which Nigerians have been ignoring God’s commands and adopting satanic behaviours. The Emir said such satanic behaviours include rampant homosexuality, rape and lesbianism,… August 11, 2019 In "News"