 Is there any such thing as developmental monarchy? Is the traditional institution in Nigeria, nay Africa, not an anachronistic relic of the past, an enduring reminder of our political backwardness as a people and the progress-inhibiting, anti-democratic inheritance of our past? Perhaps three decades ago, in the naive brashness of youthful radicalism and exuberance, I would have answered these questions in the affirmative. But it is impossible, in the light of our post-colonial experience, to deny that the traditional institution continues to occupy a central and deeply rooted place in the political consciousness of the various constituent peoples and cultures of Nigeria; that indeed we have foolishly not allowed the rich institutional heritage of our past inform our present and shape our future more positively. Incidentally, last month, July 11th specifically, was the 40th memorial anniversary of the transition of the late legendary Ooni of Ife, Oba Tadeniawo Ayinla Adesoji Aderemi, who died at the age of 91 after five memorable decades on the throne. It is a testimony to the nobility of his character, the quality of his leadership and the enduring nature of his impact and legacy that various activities were held to commemorate the occasion within and beyond Ile-Ife. It is difficult to name many political office holders across the country’s various supposedly democratic dispensations from the first to the current fourth republic who can compare with Oba Adesoji Aderemi in terms of strength of character, commitment to principle, integrity, astuteness, acumen and high vision. In his eulogy to the monarch on his transition, delivered at Enuwa Square in Ile-Ife on Saturday, July 11, 1980, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, who was Premier of the Western Region when Oba Aderemi was Governor of the Region, paid fulsome tribute to the uncommon monarch. In his words, “Oba Aderemi became the Ooni of Ife in 1930. At that time, 50 years ago, the only reputation Ile-Ife had was that it is the cradle of Yoruba people. But within 10 years of his rule, Aderemi had transformed Ile-Ife, by Nigerian standards, into a modern town, a virile business center and a haven for the acquisition of secondary education, which was a very rare facility in those days. As a natural ruler, Oba Adesoji Aderemi can be described as a radical traditionalist”. Was Awolowo exaggerating possibly because of the Oba’s political inclination towards his party? Certainly no. In a richly researched piece, lawyer and former member of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Kehinde, gives concrete evidence of Oba Aderemi’s indelible contributions to the modernization of his domain. For instance, Oba Aderemi founded Oduduwa College, Ile-Ife, the first privately owned college in Nigeria, on January 22, 1932. In 1935, the Ooni aided the installation of the Ife Waterworks at Mokuro, Ile-Ife. Apart from building an official residence for the Ooni, Oba Aderemi attracted telephone services to Ile-Ife in 1938. When the colonial authorities erected some structures to serve as a proposed military barracks in Ife, the Ooni persuaded the authorities to discontinue the plan because his people were opposed to it. He later allocated the abandoned structures to the Seventh Day Mission, which utilized them for its mission hospital in the town constructed in 1944. As Governor of the Western Region, he was instrumental to the siting of the University of Ife, now Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), in his domain. Beyond his role in the transformation of Ile-Ife, it is impossible to tell the story of the dazzling success of the Awolowo administration in the Western Region without reference to Oba Aderemi’s principled support and wise counsel to the government. Across thousands of communities in Nigeria – Ijebu, Egba, Lagos Island, Oyo, Kano, Benin, Iwo, Osogbo, Sokoto, Borgu, Owo, Onitsha, Jos, Tiv, Idoma, Calabar, Igala – to name a few, we have strong, historically rooted traditional institutions that are contributing significantly to the continuous elevation of their people. They enjoy far greater reverence among their people than state officials who emerge through the supposedly superior electoral democratic system. Apart from these traditional structures enjoying far more stability, most times, the occupants of these thrones have higher moral integrity and character than the elected officials who steer the reigns of government at constitutionally recognized levels. If the disadvantage of these indigenous institutions in the past was the low level of education of the traditional rulers, things have changed radically. The typical traditional ruler today assumes office at a youthful age, is exceedingly well educated and sophisticated, has a track record of accomplishments in the professions, academia or business and is financially munifficient. Thus, the modern traditional ruler today is well equipped to play the role of developmental monarch. For instance, the current Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja 11, is undoubtedly treading the transformational path of Oba Aderemi. He has exhibited a wisdom beyond his years in trying to weave greater cohesion among traditional rulers in the South West and has launched initiatives to help elevate his domain to higher developmental heights. Oba Ogunwusi has donated automatic fumigation machines to several states in the South West and beyond to combat the Coronavirus pandemic. But the focus of this piece is the newly crowned Oniru of Iru land, HRM, Oba Abdulwasiu Omogbolahan Lawal (Abisogun 11), who incidentally clocked the golden age of 50 last Friday. The Oniru has impeccable academic credentials obtaining a Bachelors degree in Botany from the University of Port Harcourt, a Post graduate degree in Violence, Conflict and Development from the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, as well as an Executive M.Sc in Cities from the London School of Economics and Political Science. During an unblemished career in the Nigeria Police Force over two and a half decades, he served as Aide de Camp to Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Governor when the latter was governor of Lagos State. Ever since his exit from the police, he has held key ministerial positions in every administration in Lagos State between 2007 and his ascension to the royal throne, a measure no doubt of his competence, diligence, industry, dependability and integrity. Two things struck me in the personal message issued by Oba Lawal on the occasion of his Golden Jubilee. First, he had been well groomed and nurtured as a prince for his possible future Royal ascendance. In his words, “Growing up in one of the palaces of a fast-growing metropolis like Lagos in the 1970s, I had the privilege of a front row seat at some of our most significant rites and events. As my father’s Ilari; it meant being groomed in the ranks of titled men and those of Royal and noble blood; those who would be clad in white attire and various beaded ornaments connoting various positions, rights and privileges at special traditional events. In sitting around, listening and learning in the Palace all through my young and adult life; I never knew what fate had in store for me – an opportunity to continue and build upon a legacy for the great people of Iru land”. Secondly was Kabiyesi’s articulation of his developmental vision for Iru land. According to him, “My vision for Iru is to ensure we become one of the most desirable places to live, work and do business in Lagos, Nigeria and the continent. In another few weeks, the Palace Media Team will share updates on our plans for Social Investment, Tourism and Culture, Security as well as Health and the Environment. These, we intend to leverage, with your active support and participation, to ensure widespread sustainable development”. Here certainly is an Oba with a clear sense of purpose and focus. Kabiyesi is poised to become an outstanding model of developmental monarchy. Have I painted too rosy a picture of the traditional institution? True, it has its own share of bad eggs as is only natural. However, the Royal grooming of princes in preparation for the throne appears to me better placed to produce leaders of exemplary character than the electoral democratic system, which breeds many politicians difficult to distinguish from touts. Our political scientists still have a lot of work to do to draw on the values and virtues  of traditional monarchy to transform democracy in Nigeria into a developmental enterprise.  Original Article By Obadiah Mailafia THE furore over the removal of the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, from the throne of his forebears is unlikely to die down any time soon. It’s a storm in a tea cup, if you asked me – a tale of smoking guns and mirrors. Shakespeare’s… March 17, 2020 In "News" The furore over the removal of the Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi II from the throne of his forebears is unlikely to die down any time soon. It’s a storm in a tea cup, if you asked me – a tale of smoking guns and mirrors. Shakespeare’s obiter on the… March 20, 2020 In "News" Abeokuta – Ogun State Governor Dapo Abiodun on Monday inaugurated a committee to review the recent appointments, installations and promotions of traditional rulers in the State by the immediate past administration of Senator Ibikunle Amosun with an assurance that his administration would not allow any form of assault on the… June 17, 2019 In "News"