 THE Emir of Katsina, Alhaji Abdulmumin Kabir Usman, on Saturday asked Governor Aminu Bello Masari to convene a meeting of eminent Katsina citizens both at home and outside the state, to aggregate their suggestions and opinions on current challenges facing the state to President Muhammadu Buhari on the way forward The monarch, who made the suggestion during a well attended special prayer session, involving members of the three arms of government in the state and eminent citizens to mark the maiden commemoration of the annual thanksgiving day in the state, said Governor Masari should reach out to Katsina citizens that are scattered all over the country, harness their inputs before taking them to the president for attention He said: “Lack of regular interaction and communication has remained the bane in our quest for development. “Rally Katsina citizens and seek suggestions from them in other to proffer solutions to the myriads of challenges facing the state.” Also speaking at the occasion, Governor Masari noted that it was important for the state to have a day for thanksgiving, also known as Yaumush Shukur, to express gratitude to Allah for His blessings and bounties to the state. He added that the date was selected after the state’s History and Culture Bureau was contacted and recommendations were made. He said: “It was now 86 years after Katsina got its independence from Zaria province. The state government will direct local governments and academic institutions to always observe 1st August as Prayer Day in the state.  Original Article Katsina –Â Governor Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State has expressed sadness over the death of Dangaladiman Katsina and District Head of Kafur, Alhaji Rabe AbdulLahi, saying that Katsina State has lost one of its last standing great son. In a statement signed by his Senior Special Assistant on Media, Abdu… March 21, 2019 In "News" Katsina – President Muhammad Buhari has sympathized and commiserated with the internally displaced persons (IDPs) from the eight front line local government areas of katsina State. The President commiserated with the victims on Wednesday in Batsari Local Government Area Secretariat. According to him, he was at the IDP camp to sympathize… August 15, 2019 In "News" By Bashir Bello KATSINA – As the fate of Igbo’s residing in the North is tie to August 14 to know whether to remain or move out after the October 1st deadline, the Emir of Katsina, Dr. Abdulmumini Kabir Usman has maintained his stand that no harm will come to… August 10, 2017 In "News"