Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal came from behind to beat Chelsea 2-1 in the FA Cup final on Saturday. Chelsea took the lead through Christian Pulisic in the 5th minute. However, a Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang penalty drew Arsenal level in the 28th minute. Aubameyang, who scored twice in the semi-final against Man City, then completed his brace against Chelsea in the 67th minute with a terrific left-footed finish. Chelsea finished the game with 10-men after Mateo Kovacic was booked twice. As a result of winning the FA Cup, Arsenal have booked their spot in the 2020 Community Shield. The Gunners will return to Wembley on August 29, 2020. Arsenal will face Liverpool in the curtain-raiser before the new season. Also, after beating Chelsea on Saturday, Arsenal have booked their spot in the 2020-21 Europa League group phase. Aside from Chelsea, Wolves were big losers following Arsenal’s FA Cup triumph. Wolves finished the Premier League season in 7th spot. Arsenal finished in 8th. However, as a result of Arsenal’s cup success, they’ve secured the final Europa League spot ahead of Wolves. To be clear, if Chelsea had won on Saturday, Wolves would today be guaranteed a spot in next season’s Europa League qualifiers. Wolves only have one chance left to play European football next term: they must win this season’s Europa League. Were that to happen, Wolves would qualify for next season’s Champions League group phase. In that event, 5 English teams would play in the 2020-21 UCL: Liverpool, Man City, Chelsea, Man United and Wolves. Wolves are now preparing for their last-16 second-leg tie against Olympiacos. Wolves drew 1-1 in Greece. The second leg takes place at Molineux on Thursday, August 6. Tottenham were also impacted by Arsenal’s win against Chelsea in the FA Cup final. Spurs have now been forced to compete in the Europa League qualifiers, rather than entering the 2020-21 Europa League in the group phase. That means Jose Mourinho’s men will be back in action on September 17. Should Spurs get through that tie, Tottenham’s third qualifying round will be on September 24. A selection of teams Spurs could draw in the Europa League 2QR. #COYS Kesla FKTorshavnNeftchi BakuKaysar KyzylordaOrdabasy ShymkentSutjeska NiksicFK RiteriaiFH HafnarfjardarSanta ColomaShakhtior SaligorskKalju NommeBacka TopolaVojvodina Novi SadOFI Heraklion — Dale Johnson (@DaleJohnsonESPN) August 1, 2020 Also see: Brentford vs Fulham live streaming: Watch online, preview, prediction and odds. Napoli chief suggests clubs will have to pay €90m to land Man City-linked Koulibaly. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.