The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) established by the NIMC Act No. 23 of 2007, the NIMC has the mandate to establish, own, operate, maintain and manage the National Identity Database in Nigeria, register persons covered by the Act, assign a Unique National Identification Number (NIN) and issue General Multi-Purpose Cards (GMPC) to those who are citizens of Nigeria as well as others legally residing within the country. Applications are invited from interested Public / Civil Servants and individual consultants (private sector) for the following positions below: Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja, Nigeria Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 4pm; 18th August, 2020. The post Submit your CV to National Identity Management Commission (19 Positions) – Apply Now. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) established by the NIMC Act No. 23 of 2007, the NIMC has the mandate to establish, own, operate, maintain and manage the National Identity Database in Nigeria, register persons covered by the Act, assign a Unique National Identification Number (NIN) and issue General Multi-Purpose… August 4, 2020 In "Jobs" Lagos – Engr. Aliyu Aziz, the Director-General of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), has warned that any Nigerian without the National Identification Number (NIN), issued by the commission runs the risk of being regarded as a non-Nigerian citizen. Aziz stated this at the  world press conference held at NIMC Lagos office… August 8, 2017 In "News" (A). Alfred & Victoria Associates Alfred & Victoria Associates is one of Nigeria’s leading ICT solution based company. Our company offers a wide range of services which are in high demand of today’s emerging market. AVA has three major arms which have been streamlined to meet our customer’s needs. 1. Head,… July 1, 2019 In "Jobs"