Jadon Sancho is reportedly ‘excited’ about his move to Manchester United, with the deal to take the winger to Old Trafford gathering momentum. The Borussia Dortmund star could be a United player by the end of the week after an 18-month long ordeal to secure his transfer. Ed Woodward is said to currently be tying up the loose ends of the deal. He is expected to be given a five-year contact, and the Independent claim the 20-year-old is ‘excited’ at the prospect of joining United’s forward line. Both Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford have found the net on 22 occasions this season and with the emergence of Mason Greenwood, who has struck 17 times, United already have one of the most feared forward trios in the Premier League. De Gea situation at Man Utd should ‘act as a warning’ to Arsenal… With Sancho all but secured, United will have the firepower to cause any side problems next season. And Phil Neville believes the club are right to be prioritising Sancho over Aston Villa playmaker Jack Grealish. “People are talking about Grealish, but now with [Bruno] Fernandes in there, do we need another number 10?” Neville asked. “I think the right-hand-side is the biggest area where we need to improve. An out-and-out winger. “You think about the great Man United sides, [David] Beckham, [Andrei] Kanchelskis… [Cristiano] Ronaldo played out there, Ole Gunnar [Solskjaer] played on the right-hand-side. “I think the right-hand-side is the one big hole in the squad. “United haven’t really had anyone since Antonio Valencia, really. “Sancho can play out there and play really well. “You’d say that’s someone who will fit the profile. “You think Rashford and Greenwood, both British players, you think of Fernandes, he’s young and hungry, Sancho fits that.” The post Sancho ‘excited’ to join Man Utd attack; fill Antonio Valencia ‘hole’ appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Man Utd are in for yet another Jadon Sancho alternative, while Liverpool are out of the race for a Wolves striker… BIG GUNS IN FOR BAILEY Manchester United are ready to speed up their interest in Bayer Leverkusen winger Leon Bailey, according to reports. Jamaican international Bailey is apparently seen… June 20, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): [COVID19-LINE country="Nigeria" confirmed_title="confirmed" deaths_title="deaths" recovered_title="recovered"] Man Utd are still planning to sign Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho in the next transfer window, according to reports. In today’s Gossip column, Italian journalist Fabrizio Romano has claimed that “it will be so difficult” for Manchester United to get Sancho because… April 29, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United will not be dictated terms by Borussia Dortmund in their bid to sign Jadon Sancho. The Bundesliga giants have reportedly given United until August 10 to secure the signing of the England international. But United are dragging their feet, as they are prone to do. Gossip: Chelsea ‘step… August 2, 2020 In "Sports"