Days after Watford were relegated from the Premier League into the Championship, Hornets captain Troy Deeney has been linked with a possible move to Tottenham. The transfer rumour has appeared in the Mail on Sunday. Readers are told: Tottenham have been offered the chance to sign Watford striker Troy Deeney. Tottenham are understood to have spoken about an initial loan but Deeney only has one year on contract. Spurs fans are also told that Jose Mourinho is interested in signing Deeney. Were Deeney to join Tottenham, he’ll likely be the back-up to Harry Kane. This weekend, Troy Parrott left Spurs to join Millwall on loan. Could Deeney replace Parrott in Tottenham’s squad? Deeney scored 10 goals in 27 Premier League games in 2019-20. This man at The Den next season…#Millwall — Millwall FC (@MillwallFC) August 1, 2020 Sticking with possible Watford sales, forward Danny Welbeck has been linked with a possible move to Crystal Palace by the Star. Welbeck only played a minor role for Watford this season as the striker’s season was again hampered by injury problems. Yet, when Welbeck returned, he showed glimpses of his goalscoring ability. That’s lead the Star to report: Crystal Palace are ready to offer Danny Welbeck a Premier League lifeline. Palace would be prepared to take a gamble if Watford will green light a nominal fee. The Star fail to detail how much the Eagles may have to pay to sign Welbeck. 29-year-old Welbeck is under contract at Watford until 2022. STAR SPORT SUNDAY: HEAD AUBA HEELS! #TomorrowsPapersToday pic.twitter.com/FnGoHk5nMP — Helena Wilkinson (@BBCHelena) August 1, 2020 Has Serge Aurier played his final match for Tottenham? Aurier, 27, made 33 appearances for Tottenham in the Premier League this season. He scored once and contributed 5 assists. However, the Ivory Coast international could be on his way to join AC Milan. Italian transfer guru, Fabrizio Romano, has confirmed that AC Milan have begun talks with Spurs over signing Aurier. AC Milan have started talks with Tottenham to sign Serge Aurier. He’s the main target as right back.  @PeppeDiSte @SkySport #transfers #Milan #THFC — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) August 1, 2020 Also see: How Arsenal’s FA Cup win impacted Wolves & Tottenham’s 2020-21 European dreams. Brentford vs Fulham live streaming: Watch online, preview, prediction and odds. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.