Duncan Wright, a senior football reporter at the Sun, has reported on Sunday that Man United could make a summer move to sign Kasper Schmeichel from Leicester City. However, this transfer rumour should come with a wishy-washy warning. Readers are told: Manchester United are weighing up a shock move for Kasper Schmeichel to replace David De Gea as No 1 next season. Man Utd want Kasper Schmeichel to replace David De Gea | @dwright75 https://t.co/xLxx3QoUji pic.twitter.com/dSKYyxe7kr — The Sun Football  (@TheSunFootball) August 1, 2020 Leicester City seem to be in a great position to hold onto Kasper Schmeichel. Back in 2018, Schmeichel signed a 5-year deal with the Foxes which only expires in 2023. Schmeichel joined Leicester from Leeds in 2011. This is one of the many questions which the Sun fail to address. On the size of Kasper Schmeichel’s possible transfer fee, the Sun only offer the following insight: The 2016 title winner, 33, would be relatively cheap to buy compared to Atletico Madrid’s highly-rated Jan Oblak, 27, who has a release clause of around £109million. To be clear, the Sun never mention an exact sum Leicester would demand for Schmeichel. This is another question left unanswered by the Sun. However, one has to assume that Kasper Schmeichel would at least consider any possible offer to join Man United. Of course, Schmeichel’s dad, Peter, remain a Man United legend. Indeed, Kasper grew up at Old Trafford as a kid. Does Kasper want to follow in Peter’s footsteps? Also, fast-forwarding to the present, Man United will compete in next season’s Champions League, while Leicester will only play in the Europa League. ”Access was different, I could go watch superstars like Cantona, Beckham, I could go through a list” Kasper Schmeichel on the impact Manchester United has had on his life pic.twitter.com/kurRUrzYuh — Football Daily (@footballdaily) July 26, 2020 Some Man United fans may question why Kasper Schmeichel would even be on the club’s radar. There’s been widespread agreement this season that David De Gea is no longer performing at the top of his abilities. However, on De Gea, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has publicly backed his Spanish keeper. Indeed, Solskjaer has indicated that De Gea will stay at United for years to come. But, if United do decide that they need an alternative goalie option, why wouldn’t they simply recall Dean Henderson from Sheffield United? Dean Henderson’s current deal with Man United expires in 2022. The Times recently claimed that Man United want to agree a new deal with Henderson, which would include a major pay-rise. However, when it comes to today’s transfer rumour in the Sun, reporter Duncan Wright has written the following, questionable analysis of how Man United view Henderson: SunSport understands United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has doubts over whether Henderson, 23, is ready for the top job, despite a stellar season on loan at Sheffield United. Henderson may still need another year or two to reach such a level. Man United fans would be wise to pay little attention right now to the Kasper Schmeichel to Old Trafford rumours. As one of Leicester’s star players, the Foxes would surely demand a huge sum for Schmeichel. Moreover, with David De Gea and Dean Henderson on their books – not to mention Sergio Romero – United seem to be well-stocked with keepers already. Sticking with transfer rumours in the Sunday tabloids, the Star link Chelsea with a possible move to sign Nick Pope from Burnley. Reporter Harry Pratt claims: Chelsea’s Kepa Arrizabalaga has no future at Stamford Bridge and Frank Lampard now wants to land Burnley and England star Nick Pope in the summer transfer window. The Star claim that Burnley may accept a £50m offer from Chelsea for Pope. Pope is under contract at Turf Moor until 2023. This season Pope came second in the race to win the Premier League’s Golden Glove award with 15 clean sheets. Man City’s Ederson recorded 16 shutouts. STAR SPORT SUNDAY: HEAD AUBA HEELS! #TomorrowsPapersToday pic.twitter.com/FnGoHk5nMP — Helena Wilkinson (@BBCHelena) August 1, 2020 Chelsea do have a problem when it comes to their keeper slot. Kepa Arrizabalaga joined the Blues in a massive deal worth more than £70m, however the Spanish keeper has struggled to justify that price tag this season. Frank Lampard failed to pick Kepa for Chelsea’s final two matches of the season: a win against Wolves and the FA Cup final defeat to Arsenal. Yet, despite that, can Chelsea really expect to shift Kepa this summer? Kepa is under contract until 2025, while, several months ago, ESPN reported that there were no suitors for Kepa. That position doesn’t seem to have changed. Also see: How Arsenal’s FA Cup win impacted Wolves & Tottenham’s 2020-21 European dreams. Brentford vs Fulham live streaming: Watch online, preview, prediction and odds. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.