Arsenal ended the 2019-20 season on a high. The Gunners came from behind to beat Chelsea 2-1 in the FA Cup final. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the hero for the Gunners in the showpiece, as the forward scored a match-winner double. Christian Pulisic had fired Chelsea into the lead after only 5 minutes. Was the Chelsea match Aubameyang’s final game for Arsenal? Or will the 31-year-old Gabonese attacker still be at the Emirates Stadium next season? Aubameyang is set to become a free agent in 2021, and it’s been unclear for several months whether the striker will agree a new deal with Arsenal. If Aubameyang refuses to sign a new deal, Arsenal could be forced to sell him this summer in order to recoup a transfer fee. When Aubameyang was asked after the Chelsea game about his Arsenal future, the striker brushed the question aside. “The journey has been long but today we enjoy this great game.” “I will enjoy tonight for sure!” Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will certainly enjoy tonight. What a game from the Arsenal talisman #HeadsUpFACupFinal pic.twitter.com/ACo3BoqVG3 — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) August 1, 2020 However, when Mikel Arteta was asked about Aubameyang’s future, the Spaniard optimistically said: I think he’ll stay. He knows what I think and that I want to build the squad around him. Everything is based on my discussions with him and his people — nothing is done yet but I hope we will hear something soon. The players all admire him here and we value him so much.” Big games require big players to do it. People questioned that he couldn’t do it in big games but here we have it. We’re so proud to have him at this club. The moment @Aubameyang7 dropped the #FACup! pic.twitter.com/MXlv2Ub6zd — SPORF (@Sporf) August 1, 2020 Also see: How Arsenal’s FA Cup win impacted Wolves & Tottenham’s 2020-21 European dreams. Brentford vs Fulham live streaming: Watch online, preview, prediction and odds. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.