Southampton are close to signing Real Valladolid centre-back Mohammed Salisu, according to reports in Spain. Salisu has impressed in his first season for the Valladolid first team. Starting 30 times in La Liga, the 21-year-old helped his side to comfortably avoid relegation. The Ghanaian centre-back has been linked with a swift exit from Valladolid after his rise to prominence over the past year. Manchester United were reportedly willing to meet his €12m release clause so he could replace Victor Lindelof. The fact that Juan Mata’s father is Salisu’s agent could have helped proceedings. However, United look to have lost the race to another Premier League side. According to Diario La Grada (via Sport Witness), Salisu is going to join Southampton. The South Coast side ended the season strongly, finishing 11th in the Premier League. They claimed a draw against United in their penultimate away game, after already beating Manchester City one week earlier. And as the Saints look to consolidate their position next season, Salisu could be their first reinforcement. The report claims the defender is going to leave for the value of his release clause, which will represent Valladolid’s largest ever sale. Southampton will also beat competition from Rennes to seal the deal. Salisu is a left-footed centre-back who first joined Valladolid’s academy in 2017. His contract is due to expire in 2022, but it appears he will be leaving long before then. The post Southampton set to sign €12m Man Utd target appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The season so far The 2018/19 season was great for Premier League football both domestically and in Europe. At home, Manchester City and Liverpool pushed each other to their limits in the battle for the Premier League title. Liverpool earned a staggering 97 points. But it still wasn’t enough to… September 7, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal are closing in on the signing of French teenager William Saliba in a deal worth around £27m, According to Telegraph.co.uk. Saliba will be loaned back to Saint-Etienne next season after the French side insisted that the centre-back could not join up with Unai Emery’s side this summer. The nature… July 9, 2019 In "News" Leicester & Southampton’s Jannik Vestergaard Two sources have claimed that Leicester City are closing in on signing Jannik Vestergaard from Southampton. The first source is the Times. In a short update from reporter Gary Jacob, readers have been told: Southampton are willing to sell Jannik Vestergaard amid interest from Leicester… June 10, 2020 In "Sports"