As confirmed by a host of reliable sources online this evening, Alexis Sanchez is all set to depart Manchester United for Inter Milan on a permanent basis. On the back of a dismal campaign with Man United, Chilean international Sanchez returned to Italy last summer. The 31-year-old joined Antonio Conte’s Inter Milan on loan for the 2019/20 campaign, reuniting with Romelu Lukaku at the San Siro: | EVERYONE STOP @Alexis_Sanchez is a Nerazzurri player! https://t.co/4mJAFMukTV#WelcomeAlexis #NotForEveryone #FCIM pic.twitter.com/zJ0jyuhG99 — Inter (@Inter_en) August 29, 2019 The attacker’s time in Milan, though, has since proven something of a mixed bag. Sanchez actually enjoyed a decent start to life in the Nerazzurri jersey, notching a goal and an assist across his first 4 appearances. However, just when he appeared to be getting things back on track, a serious injury picked up whilst on international duty in October saw Sanchez confined to the sidelines. The 31-year-old damaged ankle ligaments during a friendly meeting between Chile and Colombia, an injury which restricted him to just a pair of Serie A starts prior to the COVID-19 break. | ESAMI Accertamenti clinici e strumentali per @Alexis_Sanchez: il comunicato  https://t.co/0Z09tcBLiJ #FCIM pic.twitter.com/1D6zzeHNRN — Inter (@Inter) October 15, 2019 As such, the widespread assumption ahead of football’s return in June was that Inter were altogether unlikely to even attempt to make Sanchez’s arrival permanent, with the South American set for a swift return to Old Trafford. This, however, was before Sanchez began to showcase fresh flashes of his brilliant best. Recent weeks saw the former Arsenal man dazzle versus the likes of Brescia and Torino (over the course of which he directly contributed to 5 goals), with Sanchez having gone on to play a key role in Inter’s run-in, en route to a 2nd-place Serie A finish. Alexis Sanchez seals it for Inter! The Chilean’s good form continues  pic.twitter.com/wPCkfysaOt — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) July 25, 2020 And, based on the latest word stemming from Italy this evening, Sanchez’s sudden upturn in form evidently proved enough to convince the hierarchy at the San Siro that the Chilean is far from finished at the top level of the game. As reported by Gianluca Di Marzio and Fabrizio Romano, both highly reliable when it comes to Serie A news, Sanchez is on the brink of joining Inter on a permanent basis. A complete agreement is said to have been reached between the Nerazzurri and Manchester United, which will see Sanchez’s contract with the latter terminated. As such, Inter will pick up the 31-year-old on a free transfer, with United not set to receive any form of compensation. Crucially, though, the Red Devils will rid themselves of Sanchez’s massive wage packet, believed to be worth somewhere in the region of £450,000-per-week. È fatta per @Alexis_Sanchez all’@Inter, risolti gli ultimi dettagli di poco fa: il @ManUtd non riceverà alcun indennizzo, accettando di liberarsi del mega ingaggio. Accordo ormai definito tra le parti @SkySport #calciomercato — Gianluca Di Marzio (@DiMarzio) August 3, 2020 Total agreement reached between Inter and Manchester United on a permanent deal, here we go! Inter will NOT pay any fee to Man United. He’ll join for free and Inter will take charge of his full wage. Sanchez will earn €7M/season as Inter player.  #MUFC #Inter @SkySport — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) August 3, 2020 Man United’s Bruno Fernandes bags yet another Premier League award Manchester United vs LASK live streaming & betting tips: Watch Europa League online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.