Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer kept his cards close to his chest as discussions continued over Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. The Old Trafford giants are hoping to make the 20-year-old their marquee signing in a summer when the impact of the coronavirus pandemic means few other clubs can get anywhere near Dortmund’s lofty asking price. Sancho has reportedly agreed personal terms with United and is excited about the prospect of being part of their attack, but Solskjaer was tight-lipped over speculation surrounding a move for Sancho. “This transfer window is a long one and every transfer takes its course,” he said. “It is what it is. “At the moment, I’ve got no updates for you anyway so if there’s any news, we’ll update you.” MAILBOX: Solskjaer ‘manager of the season’ over ‘poor man’s Van Gaal’ Solskjaer was previewing United’s Europa League last-16 second leg against LASK, who will arrive at Old Trafford 5-0 down from March’s first leg. Chris Smalling had hoped to be involved in the competition with Roma, but an extension to his season-long loan move has not been reached. The defender said he was “gutted” that he “can’t finish what we started this season” as the Serie A side prepared to face Sevilla, with Solskjaer ready to welcome the 30-year-old back to Old Trafford. “I think Chris has shown over his career at Man United how valuable he is for Man United,” the Norwegian said. “This season was about him being a regular, going to Roma, showing and proving how good a centre-back he is. “I wanted to give Harry (Maguire), Vic (Victor Lindelof), maybe Axel (Tuanzebe) a chance, so we found out that was the best for him to go to Roma, play for a year. “Now he’s coming back and Chris has shown this season that he will be valuable. “I’ve been speaking to Chris throughout and been delighted with his season.” The post Man Utd boss Solskjaer responds to Sancho, Smalling updates appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer kept his cards close to his chest as discussions continued over Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. The Old Trafford giants are hoping to make the 20-year-old their marquee signing in a summer when the impact of the coronavirus pandemic means few other clubs can… August 4, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United will reportedly step up their pursuit of Jack Grealish, as Borussia Dortmund are confident Jadon Sancho will remain in the Bundesliga for at least another season. Sancho is seemingly United’s top transfer target, but the England international is yet to make up his mind over his future. Missing… June 14, 2020 In "Sports" Updates on Manchester United’s respective transfer pursuits of Jadon Sancho and Jude Bellingham have been forthcoming online this week. United rebuilding Ahead of the opening of the delayed summer transfer window, Premier League giants Man United have been tipped as a potential landing spot for a whole host of star… June 10, 2020 In "Sports"