Bourbon Interoil Nigeria Limited, a leading international player in marine services, Bourbon offers to the most demanding oil & gas clients worldwide a full line of innovative, safe, high performance and new generation vessels and an expanded offer of offshore oil & gas services. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Reference: 2020 – 276Location: LagosJob type (Offshore/Onshore): OnshoreContract type: Permanent Contract Mission: Description and Expected Outcome / Performance Indicators: Qualifications, Skills and Experiences Work Experience: Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Head – Risk Management & Compliance (M / F) at Bourbon Interoil Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Bourbon Interoil Nigeria Limited, a leading international player in marine services, Bourbon offers to the most demanding oil & gas clients worldwide a full line of innovative, safe, high performance and new generation vessels and an expanded offer of offshore oil & gas services. We are recruiting to fill the… July 9, 2020 In "Jobs" Arion Energy Services Limited is an engineering, projects and operations services provider to the oil and gas, power and maritime industries. We are an agile and innovative company providing reliable solutions through our Adapt, Innovate and Resolve (AIR) approach to service delivery. We believe in developing exceptional teams to Adapt our services… January 22, 2020 In "Gists" JNC International Limited is a leading Turnkey Medical Equipment Service and Solutions Company in Nigeria. Our competences are noticeable throughout the healthcare space in Nigeria as we constantly look to improve and provide quality and affordable solutions for desired need through our innovative strategies for solutions delivery. We are recruiting… February 15, 2020 In "Gists"