Où est cette chose que vous appelez, L’Arsenal? Or for the rest of us, “Where is this thing you call, “The Arsenal”?” It felt right to ask in French because the Arsenal of my era had a certain Gallic swagger. When Arsene Wenger got into his stride his teams brought a real verve to this trendy little enclave of north London. The Invincibles squad was assembled from around the globe but embraced the old art deco Highbury. They made it rock again among the over-priced terraces in north London. They caught the vibe of modern multi-cultural London. Right club, right place, right time. It was football with freedom. They were, for me, the victims of their own success. That lovely little ground in the trendy suburb was too small. The joie de vivre was replaced with the cold reality of mortgage payments on the shiny new gaff. Monsieur Wenger stayed on, motivated by the challenge of buying young and dreaming big, but senior players sought their trophies elsewhere. I spoke to Arsenal friends when I compiled this gallery and asked them for their take on being Arsenal. One said: “Imagine you find this little coffee shop tucked away. It’s run by a French bloke who is cool as f*** and the coffee is bangin’. You feel good that you support him and that you are part of his success. You keep going back. “Then one day the coffee shop sells out to Starbucks and they take on bigger premises down the road. The same French bloke is running it and coffee is still pretty good. It feels kind of familiar, but it’s just not the same.” The modern Arsenal was born. Here goes…. Read the full article here. The post What Makes A Club: 19 photos to explain the essence of Arsenal appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester United's Belgian striker Romelu Lukaku (2L), with teammates, celebrates scoring the team's fourth goal during the English Premier League football match between Manchester United and Crystal Palace at Old Trafford in Manchester, north west England, on September 30, 2017. Paul ELLIS / AFPArsenal boss Arsene Wenger is not expecting… November 30, 2017 In "News" Arsene Wenger has today revealed that he has rejected several opportunities to make a return to the dugout in England, due to his Arsenal ties. Wenger’s Arsenal reign French tactician Wenger held the post of Arsenal boss for an incredible 22 years between 1996 and 2018. However, the final years… October 8, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says he is surprised Chelsea allowed Arsenal’s Carabao Cup Fourth Round hero Eddie Nketiah leave the Stamford Bridge. Nketiah, 18, came off the bench against Norwich City with Arsenal 1-0 down, and scored just 15 seconds later with his very first touch, before heading in the… October 25, 2017 In "Sports"