Aero Contractors Tuesday announced the suspension of its flight operations for 2 weeks with effect from Thursday, 26th March due to the current spread of the coronavirus in the country. A memo sent by the Commercial Manager of the airline, Mr Rogers Cookey to staff of Aero said the airline will operate it’s scheduled flights till the midnight of Wednesday,25th March. The memo read : ” This is to inform you that the management has suspended all Aero flight operations for 14 days due to Covid 19 with effect from 26th March,2020.” “In other words, Aero flights will operate up till midnight of 25th March,2020. This is to ensure the safety of our passengers and staff.” “Please inform all concerned offices and officers,” Cookey said. Vanguard Nigeria News The post Covid-19: Aero Contractors suspends flight operations for 2 weeks appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  The management of Aero Contractors has said it will be suspending flight operations for 14 days due to the  outbreak coronavirus in Nigeria. In a statement signed by Rogers Cookey, commercial manager, Aero Contractors, it stated that “The management has suspended all Aero flight operations for 14 days due to… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Lawani Mikairu Aero Contractors airline yesterday said the son of the former vice president, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar who has tested positive for the corona virus had limited contact with passengers and crew aboard their flight from Lagos to Abuja Reacting to the statement of the Bauchi State Governor who… March 24, 2020 In "News" Organisers pick airline as official partner for 2019 NAFEST As part of Governor Godwin Obaseki’s sustained drive to open up Edo State to investors and tourists, commercial airline operator, Aero Contractors has reopened flight operations on the Benin-Lagos route, as the maiden flight arrived the Benin Airport on September 16.… September 17, 2019 In "News"