It was after Manchester City’s last meaningful visit to Wembley that the world held a communal intervention. The Guardian was worried that the sport had isolated itself from its closest family and friends. ‘Manchester City’s sky blue smashing of Watford proves football is broken,’ they crowed. The Independent feared it had fallen in with the wrong crowd, comparing the FA Cup final to ‘any dull pre-season friendly in the United States’ and reducing it to one accepted truth: ‘The only relevant factor is that City are an infinitely better-resourced club.’ The Sun was practically in tears as it issued an ultimatum. ‘ENGLISH football has 76 days to get its act together,’ they cried, gripping tightly to the assigned talking stick that prohibited anyone else from interrupting to remind them that the European champions would soon hail from the same country. ‘In the summer recess it is down to their rivals to work out a way to stop City crushing teams in showpiece finals,’ they continued mournfully, practically begging football to stop and just consider how their behaviour was starting to affect everyone else. Step forward, Aston Villa. Dean Smith and his players gave the travelling fans something to be proud of, more than a few moments to remember, in Sunday’s League Cup final. Mbwana Samatta’s goal was wonderful but this was a game bookended by two phases those supporters will replay in their minds countless times in the years to come. Anwar El Ghazi’s early chance would have changed the complexion of the entire game. City looked vaguely nervous before and even in the minutes after his presentable header. Perhaps conceding would have reenergised them but, knowing this team, it could have easily scarred them. Then in stoppage time, Claudio Bravo’s save from Bjorn Engels. It will be impossible for fans not to subconsciously repeat that effort but with a different scenario, to reenact it on playgrounds or consoles with an alternative ending. Those splits in the timeline will forever be consigned to the numerous director’s cuts in the collective Villa psyche. City deserved to win, of course. They were the better team, the instigators. Any mention of them in upcoming columns and thinkpieces will mention the money but their best player, Phil Foden, has cost them nothing but time and patience in relative terms. But Villa made them work. That their only goal was a product of a John Stones mistake matters nought. The eulogies had long been rewritten by that point, copied and pasted with any reference to Watford replaced by Villa, the message of a sport in crisis untouched. 2-0. This is just a standard PL game of super-rich against also rans, with a bit more pageantry. Mutton dressed up as lambs to the slaughter. — Miguel Delaney (@MiguelDelaney) March 1, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The response from Smith’s side flew in the face of all that. It was refreshing. This was progression from the procession. This was but one game, of course; a 90-minute microcosm that some may simply point to as an exception to the rule of unstoppable elite dominance and ring-fencing. But Watford showed those same traits against the best team in the world 24 hours earlier and made them look amateurish. Money’s influence in the sport – be it with regards to transfers, wages, agent fees or otherwise – has obviously grown to worrying, regrettable levels. It has, in some instances, rendered margins for error and excitement moot. Spend the most; win the most. Yet this is a season in which Leicester, Wolves, Sheffield United and Burnley might all consider Champions League qualification a distinct possibility. They have gatecrashed the VIP party, intermingling with a confused Chelsea, Manchester United, Tottenham and Arsenal. If football was broken last May, Villa went some way to fixing it by March. The lack of tangible reward will sting but the pride will linger. They showed that this supposedly insurmountable chasm between football’s bourgeoisie and the proletariat can be bridged – at least in isolated games – when fortune is allied with preparation, hard work and talent. Matt Stead For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post ‘Football is broken’? Try telling that to Aston Villa appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365