Manchester United are reported to be ready to move again for Matthijs de Ligt after a difficult first year at Juventus for the Holland centre-back. The Red Devils were firmly in the hunt for De Ligt last year when he was one of the most in-demand stars of the summer window. Barcelona were also keen but the defender opted to join Juve from Ajax for £67.5million. However, the 20-year-old has endured a tough debut season in Serie A, failing to hold down a place in Maurizio Sarri’s first-choice XI. The Daily Mail claims United are monitoring De Ligt’s situation – and Juve may be willing to move the defender on this summer. United have plenty of options in central defence but Ole Gunner Solskjaer is still short of a top-class partner for Harry Maguire. De Ligt could also help grease the wheels to move Paul Pogba out of Old Trafford. The France midfielder is desperate to leave United with Juve and Real Madrid most heavily linked. But Pogba has not started a Premier League match since September and with the coronavirus pandemic causing chaos across European football, it seems unlikely that either Juve or Real would be willing to meet United’s £100million valuation. But United could be interested in a part-exchange deal, which would be made easier by both players being represented by Mino Raiola. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Man Utd ‘ponder move for Juve’s De Ligt’; Pogba part-ex? appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester United have confirmed the £80million signing of centre-back Harry Maguire from Leicester City, with the England international becoming the most expensive defender in history. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had made a new centre-back one of his top priorities this summer as he looked to bolster a back-line that struggled last… August 5, 2019 In "News" Juventus are closing on a €70 million (£63m/$80m) transfer for Ajax captain Matthijs De Ligt, with a deal possible in the coming hours, according to Goal.com reports. Sources have told Goal that the Serie A champions have received extremely positive signals from both Ajax and De Ligt’s agent, Mino Raiola,… June 27, 2019 In "News" MATTHIJS DE LIGT arrived at Juventus’ health facility this morning to complete the final formalities of his long-awaited transfer from Ajax. The Serie A champions published a video to social media of Netherlands defender De Ligt acknowledging fans and posing for photos ahead of his medical. The 19-year-old flew into… July 17, 2019 In "News"