Danish Refugee Council (DRC) is a Danish international non-governmental organisation, which promotes and supports durable solutions to the problems faced by refugees and internally displaced people all over the world. DRC is present in more than 30 conflict territories around the world assisting displaced people with shelter, food, income-generating activities, and a wide range of other assistance. It is of utmost importance for DRC to work in compliance with the DRC Accountability and Quality Management system and national legislations. Smooth, reliable and effective operational systems are preconditions for DRC to maintain its position as a trustworthy and reliable partner for our donors and an accountable organisation towards our beneficiaries. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Maiduguri, Borno Your main duties and responsibilities will be: To be successful in this role we expect you to thorough knowledge of WASH and Shelter / NFIs operations and implementation Moreover, we also expect the following: Required: Desirable: In this position, you are expected to demonstrate DRC’ five core competencies: Application Closing Date
31st March, 2020. The post WASH and Shelter Coordinator – M / W at Danish Refugee Council (DRC) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Danish Refugee Council (DRC) is a Danish international non-governmental organisation, which promotes and supports durable solutions to the problems faced by refugees and internally displaced people all over the world. DRC is present in more than 30 conflict territories around the world assisting displaced people with shelter, food, income generating… August 8, 2019 In "Jobs" Danish Refugee Council (DRC) is a Danish international non-governmental organisation, which promotes and supports durable solutions to the problems faced by refugees and internally displaced people all over the world. DRC is present in more than 30 conflict territories around the world assisting displaced people with shelter, food, income generating… August 9, 2019 In "Jobs" Danish Refugee Council (DRC) is a Danish international non-governmental organisation, which promotes and supports durable solutions to the problems faced by refugees and internally displaced people all over the world. DRC is present in more than 30 conflict territories around the world assisting displaced people with shelter, food, income generating… August 9, 2019 In "Jobs"