Sven-Goran Eriksson has slammed Pepe Reina for an “incredible mistake” in Villa’s 4-0 thrashing by Leicester. The 37-year-old wandered out of his goal in an attempt to cut out Marc Albrighton’s through ball, but got nowhere near it before Harvey Barnes poked the ball past him and slotted it past three Villa defenders to score. Jamie Vardy then scored a brace from the bench before Barnes wrapped up a comfortable victory for the Foxes with his second of the game. And speaking to Sky Sports, Eriksson was left less than impressed by what he saw from the former Liverpool star. “It is an incredible mistake from the goalkeeper,” he said. “He should stay in goal, of course, as there is no reason for him to be out there like a right-back more or less. “He should be sure 1000 percent to take the ball but he is not. If he stays in goal nothing will happen. “Those three defenders can get back and he would never score from there if he stays in goal.” Jamie Carragher added: “You see his starting position here and you go back a couple of weeks to when he tried to score against Southampton and you saw him running back, so we know pace isn’t Pepe’s strength.” The post Sven slams Reina for ‘incredible mistake’ in Villa thrashing appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Aston Villa boss Dean Smith bemoaned the decision to award Leicester a penalty in his side’s 4-0 defeat at the King Power Stadium. Pepe Reina wandered out of his goal in an attempt to cut out a through ball to allow Harvey Barnes to score Leicester’s first. Jamie Vardy then… March 9, 2020 In "Sports" Brendan Rodgers insists Leicester were well worth their 4-0 victory over Aston Villa, and hailed the performances of Jonny Evans and Harvey Barnes. Pepe Reina wandered out of his goal in an attempt to cut out a through ball to allow Harvey Barnes to score Leicester’s first. Jamie Vardy then… March 9, 2020 In "Sports" Another brilliant night of Premier League football In a night where Manchester United halted Jose Mourinho’s brilliant start to life at Tottenham, we look at four things we learned from tonight’s football. Starting off with the match at Old Trafford, Mourinho’s former side came back to haunt him. Marcus Rashford… December 4, 2019 In "Sports"