Manchester City are reportedly ‘serious’ about signing Lautaro Martinez from Inter Milan, and pose formidable competition to some of Europe’s top clubs also interested in a deal. The Argentine is Barcelona’s top summer target, but they face competition from Chelsea and Pep Guardiola’s side, according to reports. Manchester United have also consistently been linked with a move for the San Siro striker, but could be put off by the transfer fee. Spanish publication Sport (via Sport Witness) claim negotiations between Barcelona and Martinez are progressing well, but the Catalan side are particularly concerned by interest from the Premier League. And the report claims they face ‘great danger’ from Guardiola’s team. It is said the 22-year-old is also tempted by a move to Real Madrid, but prefers a switch to Barcelona, should La Liga be his preferred choice. Martinez has a release clause of €111million, valid in July, and Inter have apparently listened to offers from both Chelsea and Manchester City. With one of those clubs presenting a ‘totally off-market offer’. The post City pose ‘great danger’ to Man Utd, Barca in €111m striker chase appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool are set to inflict another blow to Manchester United in the transfer market, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is a target for Inter Milan in today’s Gossip column…   ANOTHER BLOW FOR MAN UTD Manchester United lost out to Borussia Dortmund in the January transfer window as Erling Haaland chose to… February 23, 2020 In "Sports" Barcelona are reportedly willing to splash €112 million to land Argentine international Lautaro Martinez in the summer transfer window. According to a report by Spanish publication Sport, who have quoted claims by Radio La Red, Barcelona have identified Lautaro Martinez as the ideal candidate to bolster their attack. The La Liga… July 1, 2019 In "News" The Mirror have recently published a report concerning Manchester United and some potential transfer targets. The Mirror would report late on Saturday evening that Man United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has Argentinian internationals Lautaro Martinez and Leandro Paredes in his sights. Martinez impressing with Inter Lautaro Martinez made the switch… December 15, 2019 In "Sports"