Richard Hughes – who worked with Michael Edwards at Portsmouth – has offered a rare insight into the way the Liverpool transfer chief goes about his business. Edwards was released by Peterborough in March 1997, and pursued a degree in business at Sheffield University, before teaching IT at a high school. He then landed a role as a performance analyst with Portsmouth via Prozone, where he analysed the performances of Harry Redknapp’s team. One such individual who received pointers and presentations from Liverpool’s now-sporting director was Hughes. The Scotsman told Bleacher Report: “On Mondays, he used to be the first port of call for myself and a good few of the other boys. “We’d go into his office and have our stats read back to us on how we’d performed at the weekend. “He’d played football himself, so he was used to that sort of camaraderie and those exchanges of banter with footballers.” Hughes continued: “A lot of people in those roles come from a non-footballing background and sometimes they find fitting into the atmosphere of a football club quite difficult. “Michael was different because he had an opinion, and he let you know it. He’s got a great sense of humour and he wasn’t afraid to tell me or even my more illustrious team-mates that we’d been garbage at the weekend, statistically speaking. “He was the first person with that job description that I’d come across as a player.” The former midfielder added: “If I was going into a game on a Friday afternoon, I’d ask him what he could tell me about whoever I was playing against and if there was an angle he could give me to help me the next day. “It’s probably more a question you’d ask a coach or a manager, but Michael had that respect from us. “We treated him as someone whose input was not only worthwhile but desired.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Insight into Liverpool transfer guru Edwards – ‘Michael was different’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool made a pre-tax profit of £42million last year despite a record £223million investment on players. While that top line is well below the record £125m profit for the year ending May 2018, the rewards are being felt on the pitch with the club four victories away from winning their… February 27, 2020 In "Sports" Snitch Whatever your feelings on VAR (and Dave Kidd of The Sun has made his clear…many, many times), surely we can all agree that the one good thing about VAR is that footballers can no longer get away with acts of violence out of sight of the referee. That’s a… February 26, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester City summer signing Rodri has today opened up on his time in England thus far, discussing the Citizens’ title rivals Liverpool, and the demands of playing as a holding midfielder in a Pep Guardiola-led side. City spell Spanish international Rodri made the move to the Etihad during the summer… October 10, 2019 In "Sports"