Shatta Wale  The music grind never stops, which means every week we’ll definitely see brand new songs released from every corner of Africa and that includes Ghana, and from some of our favorite artists as well as new cats looking to catch their big break. This past week saw a couple dancehall gems, addressed scandal allegations, and more. There’s never a shortage of tunes. Here at NotJustOk, we bring you a few picks of the top songs that came out from Ghana this past week. Check them out below. Enjoy!  The controversial dancehall act came through with a potential dance anthem, this one titled “Cough Cough”. He sticks to the “Freedom” method of minimal repetitive lyrics, and an uptempo dance beat. One wonders though, if the title is because of these Corona times.  Young Ghanaian dancehall act and “Poverty” hitmaker J.Derobie came through with tune, his first for the year. It’s a banging dancehall tune titled “Back It”, and it came accompanied with creative visuals depicting the singer and a championship boxer.  In light of a recent social media scandal involving superstar rapper Kwesi Arthur, leaked screenshots, and allegations of him mistreating women, he dropped this tune in response. In “Why (Nana Ama)” he sings, addressing the claims in this rather decent midtempo dancehall tune.  Ghanaian reggae and dancehall veteran Samini issued this one, his first offering of brand new material for the year. “Dance With Me” is a Lee Milla produced smooth dancehall tune, and we hope he follows up with the video soon!  AMG Business act Ahtitude drops a brand new hip-hop joint, a posse cut featuring a star studded lineup, titled “Yaazo”. On this one he recruited label mate Medikal and rappers Kofi Mole, Bosom P-Yung, and Joey B to assist him in delivering this bar-heavy joint produced by UnkleBeatz.  The post Top Ghana Songs of the Week – Shatta Wale – J.Derobie – Samini appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 