The Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) Worldwide on Thursday reiterated its call on the federal government to urgently tame the activities of marauding herdsmen across Urhoboland and other parts of the country, warning that it will no longer tolerate any further attacks by suspected Fulani herdsmen in their communities. It also called on the Delta State House of Assembly to immediately revisit and enact anti-grazing law to halt the continued killings of farmers and locals by terrorists operating in the name of herdsmen particularly in the state. UPU, apex socio-cultural umbrella body of Urhobo people worldwide, decried the killings in Uwheru communities as a sad commentary and urged all relevant agencies both at the state and federal governments to ensure that the marauding herdsmen vacate Urhoboland. Olorogun Taiga, accompanied by Orho Obada, UPU Board of Trustees Chairman, Wilson Ibodje, Emma Okumagba, Dame Christie Siakpere, Abel Oshevire  and other executives of the union, demanded justice for families of the victims. According to him, “We are here in solidarity with the entire people of Uwheru Kingdom, and more importantly to assure Uwheru People that you are not alone in this; the UPU and Urhobo Nation are with you and share in your grief and pains. “Truly, words cannot compensate for your losses and the lives that have been changed forever.  Words cannot fill the vacuum in your lives caused by the death of your loved ones that have turned you into widows, made you fatherless, orphans, and, possibly, left some without heirs. But, I want to assure you that our thoughts and prayers are with you, now and always. “It is so heart-rending that these senseless massacre of defenceless citizens of the Urhobo Nation by suspected Fulani herdsmen took place without provocation, and while our sons were legitimately engaged on their farmlands, for food and day-to-day living. This is highly condemnable. “The lethal attacks and killings of our people by Fulani herdsmen in Uwheru and other communities in Urhoboland will no longer be tolerated. There shall be no room for foreign invaders in Urhoboland. The Urhobo Nation will never, ever surrender or cede an inch of her territory to any stranger. Enough is enough! These suspected killer Fulani herdsmen must be stopped,” Taiga said. The UPU President General, while calling for the enactment of anti-grazing law across the state of the Niger Delta region especially in Delta, charged President Muhammadu Buhari-led to muster the political, moral and constitutional will to stop the herdsmen killing in the country particularly in Urhobo communities. “The UPU demands justice for the victims of these herdsmen killings. Those responsible for the killing of our people at Agadama, Avwon, Ohoro, Oreba and Okugbe Communities must not go unpunished. Impunity does not have a place in the Laws of Nigeria, Delta State and our Communities. The Law must take its full course. “The Federal Government, led by President Muhammadu Buhari, must muster the moral, political and constitutional will in stopping the heinous activities of killer herdsmen in Urhoboland. The menace is a huge obstacle to the peace, unity and sovereignty of the Nigerian Nation.” He said the Urhobo People are law-abiding, but our patience is fast waning. It is the duty of the Federal Government of Nigeria to protect the lives and properties of every citizen of this great Nation. Mr. President must act now, lest anarchy reigns. “The UPU, and indeed the entire Urhobo Nation, firmly agree and stand by the Resolutions of Uwheru Development Union (UDU) during its emergency meeting held on Saturday, February 22, 2020, particularly: That the killer Herdsmen MUST LEAVE the length and breadth of Uwheru Kingdom immediately “That the Delta State House of Assembly revisits and enacts the anti-grazing law without delay. That the military (Army in particular) and other security agencies must remain neutral and protect the lives of our people over unprovoked attacks. That the Federal Government through her relevant agencies come to the aid of the victims of the dastardly attack, among others”, UPU leader added. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Members of Idjerhe Youth Council, IYC, in Ethiope West Local Government Area of Delta State have advised President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, all elected leaders from the Urhobo land (Delta Central), including Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, to urgently call on killer herdsmen to relocate from their ancestral land. In a… February 26, 2020 In "News" •Says over 300 cattle-rearers occupy two communities in Ughelli LGA By Dapo Akinrefon, Dep. Regional Editor, South West Olorogun Moses Taiga is the President General, Urhobo Progress Union, UPU. In this interview, Taiga advocates a return to the 1960 and 1963 constitutions, which he believes would move the country forward.… March 4, 2018 In "News" Head, Department of English and Literary Studies, Delta State University (DELSU), Dr. Sunny Awefeada (left); Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa; President General, Urhobo Progress Union (UPU), Olorogun Moses Oghenerume Taiga and former Governor James Ibori during the unveiling of Urhobo Language Curriculum at UPU’s 86th Annual Urhobo National Day in… December 4, 2017 In "News"