On the 2oth of March 2020, Naira Marley released a new single titled “Aye“. It’s an inspirational and conscious song which talks about ‘LIFE’. Since the release of this record Marlians and Non Marlians have been jamming the it back to back (Staying on Repeat and getting high demands on Airplay). Passing by this impressive song without reviewing it would be a crime because Naira Marley served us something special. Naira (NM) got the major Fame he has now due to the controversial issues he had in 2019 and also the Hit songs he released back to back. In 2019, him and Burna Boy were the Hottest Artiste in Nigeria – Rave of the moment . When it was time to crown the Artiste of the Year (2019) most felt Naira Marley should get the title but many chose Burna Boy because Naira Marley didn’t give us decent songs and was seen as a Bad Influence. Well 2019 has gone and 2020 is here. Naira Marley starts the year officially (home-base) with the release of “Aye“. While Burna served us with a Bragalious single (Odogwu), Naira dished out an inspirational song that comes with a message to ease the pressure/difficulties humans are facing. A record that means not to be forced on people to like. The song talks about how most human being makes Life difficult and hard! it’s not the usual Naira Marley loud song. This one here is calm, soft and captivating with the message ‘Aye yi o’le‘ (Life Is Not Hard). The one thing that makes this record a special one Is the message passed through the lyrics… Life is something that should be enjoyed by all but we humans are the cause of our problems. Those at the Top with Power tries to make life hard and miserable for the growing ones and less privilege. Elites putting others at point of mercy, using their fellow human beings as Experiments (Bait) to achieve their own aims. Naira Marley did another great thing on this song still based on Lyrics, On the second verse, he talked about ‘Good Deeds’, maintaining good behaviour, using one pure mind with your fellow human & also the fact that God answers Prayer. Here is the lovely part; “Nigba tin jale, tin mo ba teni kan je, ti mo ni ti’re ma da, E’kon binu ori lasan, Ori ma mu won, Owo ma ba won, Ti olorun ba ti gba’dura mi, Bukata mi a fu’ye“… In English he was saying “Since he didn’t steal, spoil other people’s life (or block their way with evil act) and Prays for others to succeed in life he will surely prosper and overcome. Therefore no one should do him bad because his spirit & good deeds will fight and Once God has answered his pray every other thing is settled” (Get Lyrics HERE) You don’t even need to understand Yoruba to enjoy the song “Aye” thanks to Rexxie’s brilliant production. And if you understand what Naira was saying all through then you would agree with me that this a Hit!, a perfect Jam to maintain Love and Oneness needed to have a better world, especially during these global Corona pandemic. I Rate this song 9/10 If you support this review or have any contrary opinion, please do share in the comment section below The post ‘A Champion Doesn’t Need To Brag’, Naira Marley Currently Still Remains The (Rave) Hottest… “Aye” Review appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Naira Marley …Why he’s dominating Nigeria’s music scene By BENJAMIN NJOKU The Nigerian music scene in recent times has been saturated with lots of talented music stars, who are redefining the space and creating their own buzz. One of such wave-making stars is Azeez Adeshina Fashola, popularly known as Naira… February 1, 2020 In "News" Nigerian sensational singer, Naira Marley is elated about being the most searched Nigerian artiste on google in the previous year. The singer was arguably the biggest artiste in the year 2019 as everything song he dropped was a hit back to back. He was always in the news for good… March 12, 2020 In "Music/Video" Marlians! the President Naira Marley is about to release a brand new record tag “Aye”. Rave of the moment and leader of the street, Naira Marley yesterday shared a snippet of what his forthcoming song – ‘Aye‘ will sound like and be through his Instagram account. The incoming song sounds… March 13, 2020 In "Music/Video"