LONDON, ENGLAND – MARCH 05: Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attend the annual Endeavour Fund Awards at Mansion House on March 5, 2020 in London, England. Their Royal Highnesses will celebrate the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in remarkable sporting and adventure challenges over the last year. (Photo by Paul Edwards – WPA Pool/Getty Images) Meghan Markle joined her husband Harry and the royal family to celebrate the 2020 Endeavour Fund Awards, in honour of the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in remarkable sporting and adventure challenges over the last years. This is the couple’s first event together in a series of March 2020 appearances that they will make before their final day as senior members of the royal family, which will take place on March 31, Just Jared reports. The Duchess of Sussex dressed in a Victoria Beckham dress and Manolo Blahnik shoes looked totally ravishing as they attended the annual Endeavour Fund Awards at Mansion House today in London. LONDON, ENGLAND – MARCH 05: Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attend the annual Endeavour Fund Awards at Mansion House on March 5, 2020 in London, England. Their Royal Highnesses will celebrate the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in remarkable sporting and adventure challenges over the last year. (Photo by Paul Edwards – WPA Pool/Getty Images) The royal couple will still make an appearance on Saturday, March 7 for the Mountbatten Music Festival, Monday, March 9 for the Commonwealth Service and Meghan Markle to attend International Women’s Day events on Sunday, March 8. LONDON, ENGLAND – MARCH 05: Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attend the annual Endeavour Fund Awards at Mansion House on March 5, 2020 in London, England. Their Royal Highnesses will celebrate the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in remarkable sporting and adventure challenges over the last year. (Photo by Paul Edwards – WPA Pool/Getty Images) The post Check out Harry & Meghan Markle at the annual Endeavour Fund Awards appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM – NOVEMBER 10: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attends the annual Remembrance Sunday service at The Cenotaph on November 10, 2019 in London, England. The armistice ending the First World War between the Allies and Germany was signed at Compiegne, France on eleventh hour of the eleventh day… December 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM – JANUARY 07: Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex leave after their visit to Canada House in thanks for the warm Canadian hospitality and support they received during their recent stay in Canada, on January 7, 2020 in London, England. (Photo by DANIEL… February 22, 2020 In "Entertainment" The Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle joined the Duke Prince Harry in the 91st Field of Remembrance to pay their respects to the servicemen and women who have fought in wars past for their nation. It was Meghan’s 1st, but the Prince’s 7th, and the two of them, surrounded by elderly soldiers,… November 7, 2019 In "Entertainment"