The Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC) on Thursday, assured telecommunications consumers of better services to improve their businesses. The Director, Consumer Affairs Bureau of NCC, Alhaji Ismail Adedigba,  said this at the ongoing 41st Kaduna International Trade Fair. The theme of this year’s fair is:  ‘Unlocking Nigeria’s Economic Potentials through Regional Integration.” The director said that “as the regulator of the telecommunications sector in Nigeria, the commission carries out its functions to ensure service availability, accessibility, affordability and sustainability for consumers.” He stressed the importance of the theme of the event as,  “suitable in the current circumstances, as the time Nigerian economy acknowledges the crucial role of telecommunications and ICT which are key drivers of Digital Economy and enablers of our regional integration.” He noted that NCC as a National Telecom Regulator is a consumer-centric organisation, poised to developing Consumer Protection initiatives like Complaint Channels. “We also developed the Do-Not-Disturb Code to stop all unsolicited messages, the Mobile Number Portability to enable changing from one service provider without changing ones’ mobile number. “The commission also developed comprehensive SIM replacement guidelines on June 2017 and issued directives  to service providers  on  data Roll-Over which took effect in June 2018.” He added that the commission issued directives to service providers to desist from forceful or automatic renewal of data without the prior consent of subscribers. “We also monitor customer care centres of operations across the country to ensure standard quality customer care, availability of products and services being met and kept,” Adedigba said. vanguard The post NCC assures telecom consumers of better services appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Professor Umar Danbatta The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has called on the National Assembly, especially the Senate Committee on Communications, to cooperate with it in regulating the telecommunications industry. The Executive Vice Chairman, NCC, Professor Garba Umar Danbatta made the call last week in Lagos, during a retreat for the… November 21, 2017 In "News" Tribune Online How NCC influenced MTN listing on the Nigerian Stock Exchange The official listing of MTN on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) recently came with a lot of excitement among Nigerians, particularly potential capital market investors as well as stakeholders across different sectors of the economy. It is common… July 29, 2019 In "News" BY ANDY ASEMOTA, Katsina The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) Thursday assured telecom consumers of protection against unwholesome practices of some service providers, saying consumer education is the most cost effective mechanism that guarantees consumer protection. According to the commission, besides serving as a pro-active way of protecting consumers against making… October 12, 2017 In "News"