Manchester United ‘absolutely’ want Jadon Sancho to join the club, according to reports in Germany. A CIES study recently rated the England international as the most valuable youngster in world football, calculating his worth to be £184million. The Manchester City academy graduate has 27 goals and 37 assists in 69 Bundesliga appearances for Borussia Dortmund, including 14 and 16 respectively this season. He has consistently been linked with a return to the Premier League with Chelsea, Liverpool and United all interested. And Sport Bild (via Sport Witness) claim the Red Devils are ‘absolutely’ keen on signing Sancho, who Dortmund say would be available for £120million. But the report also claims that the winger has doubts over a move to Old Trafford, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side facing a battle to secure Champions League football next season. The current uncertainty surrounding the coronavirus epidemic is also said to be key, given the impact it has had on the football calendar and potentially club finances. The post Man Utd ‘absolutely’ want Sancho who has ‘one doubt’ over move appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The latest reports stemming from the European media this afternoon suggest that Liverpool are leading the race to sign in-demand Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. Sancho’s meteoric rise 19-year-old winger Sancho proved one of the talking points of European football last season. The English youngster, who made the move to… December 2, 2019 In "Sports" Record-breaking transfer in the offing Chelsea are reportedly ‘confident’ of signing Jadon Sancho and are willing to pay more than their club-record transfer fee to get him. Sancho has been simply incredible since joining Borussia Dortmund from Manchester City. The English winger left the Premier League champions in search of… December 4, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from James Ducker of the Telegraph, Manchester United feel as though they are at the front of the queue in the race for the signature of Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. Sancho’s meteoric rise 19-year-old winger Sancho proved one of the talking points of European football… November 26, 2019 In "Sports"