Cormart Nigeria Limited has recently announced a partnership agreement with Barry Callebaut to provide bakery solutions and decorations for bakers across the country. The partnership between Barry Callebaut-manufacturer of high-quality chocolate and cocoa products and Cormart will also provide technical support to cocoa farmers in cleaning and drying of beans, to improve the quality of the crop. Similarly, farmers will be given comprehensive training along the horeca value chain of the Nigerian foodservice industry. Johannes Flosbach, general manager, Cormart Nigeria said the partnership is aimed towards ensuring quality products along the pastry value-chain. “It is with great pride that we formalize this agreement with our partner, Barry Callebaut. Working hand-in-hand, we will strengthen our joint commitment to ensure that top-notch chocolate and knowledge will be provided for Nigerian bakers,” Flosbach said. According to Flosbach, Cormart will focus more on advising customers on how to use Callebaut chocolates. “Our biggest customers would be companies that produce chocolate cookies, those that bake wedding cakes and so on, and we would teach them how to make the best use of the different types of chocolates.” Adriaan Verbeke, MD, Barry Callebaut Nigeria said with the partnership, Callebaut has set up a permanent base in Nigeria. According to him, the company currently source cocoa beans and sell chocolate. “We will continue to develop our activities in this promising country and hope to be able to develop the cocoa and chocolate industry to new levels,” said Verbeke. Verbeke opined that Callebaut long term objective was to backward integrate to a level where cocoa beans will be sourced and produced locally in Nigeria, however, there is still the challenge of getting quality cocoa beans. “When farmers harvest the products, they do most of the bulk of work, which includes the drying of the product after it ferments. They often dry this on the floor and when they do, there are little bits of sand that stick to it and this makes it very difficult to export,” said Verbeke. Speaking further on the capacity building for local players in the industry, Verbeke said her organisation will be very supportive of players in the horeca foodservice industry in providing product application support and training. “This is an excellent step to enable us to assist our customers accordingly,” he stated. Speaking also, Felicia Onabanjo, business unit head for Cormart food and nutrition department, said the partnership with Barry Callebaut will help bridge the gap between a premium chocolate brand and local manufacturers in Nigeria. “The products are used by many professionals for its workability and typical taste, which has remained constant over the decades,” said Onabanjo. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Cormart was incorporated in 1981 as a trading company specializing in Industrial Raw Materials and Chemicals. We represent the business interests of top Multinational Companies who wish to do business in Nigeria. We import, stock and distribute chemicals and other Raw Materials for the paint, confectioneries, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, food and… October 28, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Bedmate Furniture Limited Bedmate Furniture Limited is one of the Best Furniture company in Nigeria. Our Aesthetic designed product coupled with Quality furniture gives our customers value for their money, which is of no wonder that they keep patronizing us. Bedmate Showroomsdisplay Furniture ranging from Home furniture, dining set, office… August 15, 2019 In "Jobs" By Steve Agbota The Federal Government’s plan to diversify the economy from oil through increased exploitation of non oil export might not be realised as  the necessary incentives are being frustrated by the policies of the central bank of Nigeria ( CBN) and the menace of smugglers. Stakeholders in the… July 10, 2017 In "News"