Abt Associates is an engine for social impact, fueled by caring, curiosity and cutting-edge research that moves people from vulnerability to security. Whether it’s welfare or weather disasters, the environment or economics, agriculture or HIV and AIDS, we address the world’s most pressing issues. Our work is diverse and so is our bold workforce. We never fail to ask “What if?” We identify patterns, we search for the best way. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Req Id: 64680
Location: Nigeria The project officer will provide a full range of technical and project support to the Kano State technical team including: Minimum Qualifications Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Project Assistant / Project Officer – SHOPS Plus at Abt Associates appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Abt Associates – The International Development Division focuses on improving the lives and economic well-being of people in lower and middle-income countries. We command technical expertise in health, agriculture, climate change, food security and governance – as well as in international evaluation. Our multi-layered health portfolio includes policy, health promotion… October 23, 2019 In "Gists" Abt Associates - The International Health Division is committed to the improvement of health and healthcare delivery around the world. Serving both the public and private sectors, our efforts include health policy research and evaluation, health promotion and disease prevention, health finance, and health systems management. Our impact is felt… January 11, 2018 In "Jobs" Abt Associates – The International Development Division focuses on improving the lives and economic well-being of people in lower and middle-income countries. We command technical expertise in health, agriculture, climate change, food security and governance – as well as in international evaluation. Our multi-layered health portfolio includes policy, health promotion… November 20, 2019 In "Gists"