The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has restated its resolve to ensure that illegal fund managers in the country are not allowed to operate. This was stated in Abuja last weekend by the Acting Director General of the SEC, Mary Uduk. Represented by the head, office of the Chief Economist, Okechukwu Umeano, Uduk said the enforcement department of the Commission has intensified efforts to close these ponzi schemes and prosecute the promoters. According to her, “Also, the Commission continues to create awareness through various media to educate investors about these schemes and urge people to avoid putting money into them. It is an ill wind that blows no one any good. “The SEC has introduced a lot of innovative processes to clean up the market and make it easier and safer for investors. Some of these measures and processes include the E-Dividend and Direct Cash Settlement and regularisation of multiple accounts among others. “Other activities of the SEC such as Risk Based Supervision, encouraging automation, strengthening self-regulatory organizations (SROs) are all geared towards a better market and in turn improved investor confidence”. Uduk said the Commission remains committed to its core mandate of protecting investors and assures the general public that it shall perform this function in line with extant securities legislation. “We advise prospective investors to cross check properly before patronising any fund manager. Information about registered entities and investment schemes approved by the Commission can be found on the Commissions website www.sec.gov.ng or at any of the Commission’s offices” she stated. The Acting DG expressed the optimism that the market will have a positive year, and thanked the Central Bank of Nigeria for its actions in pushing down sovereign yields and helping funds flow to the equities market thereby reducing the crowding out of corporate from the debt market. “Their actions in the area of foreign exchange management and how they respond to rising inflation will play a huge role in determining market performance. However, we have confidence in their ability to do what is best for the economy. “Having said all these, the SEC will continue to do its bit to ensure our market continues to grow. We will keep engaging eligible companies to list, government to ensure that government assets are sold through the market, and removal of the disincentives to investing in the Nigerian Capital Market “The Commission remains committed to its core mandate of protecting investors and assures the general public that it shall perform this function in line with extant securities legislation” she added. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed charges against Robert Shapiro, alleging he bilked investors out of $1.2 billion as part of a Ponzi scheme. The US Securities and Exchange Commission has filed charges against Robert Shapiro, alleging he bilked investors — many of them senior citizens — out of… December 22, 2017 In "News" Lagos  – The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has restated its determination to ensure that investors in the capital market are adequately protected in all transactions. This was stated by Ms. Mary Uduk, Acting Director General of the SEC, during a meeting with the Association of Corporate Trustees in Abuja on… August 14, 2019 In "News" The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has sealed off the premises of Dantata Success and Profitable Company, Kano for engaging in illegal capital market activities, According to a statement from the Commission, the company was shut down for carrying out investment operations that falls within fund management without registration with… February 7, 2019 In "News"