The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Equipment Leasing and Financial Intermediary Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise Software Development Company, Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date Not Specified. The post Latest Job Recruitment at Concept Group (5 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Equipment Leasing and Financial Intermediary Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise Software Development Company, Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. We are recruiting to fill the following… July 10, 2019 In "Jobs" Origin Tech Group Nigeria Limited – We are an agricultural value chain company providing value – added services in agricultural advisory, civil engineering/construction of farm estates, farmland clearing, and manufacture of farm machines, sales, distribution & repairs, and trade import-export of agro-inputs. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below:   1.… January 16, 2020 In "Gists" Tyonex Nigeria Limited is a group of registered companies, with operational base throughout Nigeria and Corporate Head Offices in Lagos, Nigeria. Established in September 1997, Tyonex is a member of the Pharmaceutical Manufacturing and Marketing Companies in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Marketing Manager Location:… December 9, 2019 In "Gists"