Dimitar Berbatov doesn’t think Jadon Sancho will have to “think twice” if Manchester United come calling this summer. Borussia Dortmund have slapped a £120million price tag on Sancho with Man Utd and several other clubs heavily linked with a move for the England international. The Evening Standard claimed on Thursday that Sancho wants to move to United so he can play with three of their players who excite him. FEATURE: Ranking every Premier League 2019/20 transfer: Nos 138-93 And former Man Utd striker Berbatov reckons Sancho would be a “great addition” at Old Trafford. “There’s been a lot of talk about Jadon Sancho moving to Manchester United, in his case, because he’s English and Man United are in for you, I don’t think he will think twice about moving there,” Berbatov told Betfair. “I have said it before, he has the quality, the pace, the goals and the assists to play for them, I’m sure he would like to continue in the national team as well and Gareth Southgate will watch him more if he is playing in the Premier League. “For me, if they get him he is going to be a great addition but I’m curious to see how they would line up. United have: Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial, Daniel James, Mason Greenwood and possibly Sancho next season, even though you want that competition for young players it could be tricky to see them all playing at the same time. “If he is going to move somewhere else, he needs to know that he is going to play regularly, there is no point going somewhere else and not playing as much as you want. Ultimately, it is down to you, when you get the chance to show you can play, you have to take it and show what you can do. “Also, when you play abroad you always want to go back to your home country. When that happens to be England and the Premier League, you’re going to jump at the chance if the right team comes in for you. “He could be a great addition, he needs to step up, play, score and advance to the next stage of his development. “Solskjaer is slowly, but surely, building up a team of young players with a mix of experience, and as we can see, it has been getting results, so it’s good to see them moving in the right direction and if Sancho is next then it will be great for the team.”  The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal.  The post Berbatov: Why £120m Sancho won’t ‘think twice’ about Man Utd transfer appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Jadon Sancho is reportedly keen on a move to Manchester United so he can share a pitch with players who excite him. The Evening Standard claims Sancho has been persuaded to move to Old Trafford because of the chance to play with three United stars. The 19-year-old has already struck… March 26, 2020 In "Sports" David Ornstein on Jadon Sancho Writing for the Athletic on Sunday, David Ornstein has posted a lengthy update on England international Jadon Sancho. Sancho, 19, is under contract at Borussia Dortmund until 2022. However, Ornstein has revealed that the teenager is unhappy in Germany following a fine for being late,… November 24, 2019 In "Sports" Rio Ferdinand has urged his former club Manchester United to sign England midfielder Jadon Sancho, with Old Trafford chiefs reportedly already making contact with Borussia Dortmund in a bid to lure the teenage midfielder. Reports in Germany and England in recent weeks have suggested United are ready to break their… March 22, 2019 In "News"