Primary School Students at the Dettol’s School Hygiene Program One of Nigeria’s leading hygiene brand Dettol, through its flagship Clean Naija Initiative, a campaign designed to create awareness, educate and drive behavioural change to achieve a cleaner and healthier Nigeria has partnered with the Lagos State Government through the Office of Sustainable Development Goals and Investment, on a campaign to educate primary school children within the State on how to stay protected from infectious diseases, such as the Coronavirus and Lassa Fever. According to the WHO, “Good hygiene is an important barrier to many infectious diseases, and it promotes better health and well-being”. This has driven Dettol’s commitment to spreading the message of good hygiene practices among Nigerians and has given birth to various initiatives, programmes, and social investment activities across the country. Recently, the hygiene education team were at St Mary’s Convent school Lagos Island, Lagos, and over 500 school pupils were taught on how to prevent the transmission of respiratory illnesses, and proper hand hygiene. Special Adviser to the SDG, Solape Hammond and General Manager, RB West Africa, Dayanand Sriram Speaking at the session, The General Manager, RB West Africa, Dayanand Sriram, stated, “Our health is in our hands. Hand washing a few times during the day prevents a lot of illnesses. In light of the panic around Coronavirus, what we can do individually is to carry out preventive actions and constant hand hygiene is one of the most important ones in the fight against communicable diseases. RB is proud to partner with the Lagos State Government, and our goal is to reach 50,000 children in 20 local government areas of the state.” Also speaking at the event, The Special Adviser for Sustainable Development Goals, Lagos State Government, Solape Hammond, also added that “This is a year in which Lagos State Government has decided to focus on SDG6 and SDG3 which relate to the health and environment pillars. It’s very important that sanitation and wellbeing are taken very seriously. Now with what is going on with Coronavirus, we know that it is a disease that is easily communicable, but the chances of its spread are greatly reduced when people wash their hands, so we are encouraging every Lagosian out there to adopt these hygiene practices.” Cross Section of Students at Dettol’s School Hygiene Program Through the School Hygiene Programme, Dettol uses teaching aids and fun activities to educate school children on good hygiene practices and various ways that they can protect themselves against germs. Over the past 7 years, Dettol has educated over 5 million children and teachers through its School Hygiene Program. As part of its commitment to encourage healthy hygiene practices among Nigerians in 2020, Dettol is partnering with more public sector organizations to deliver hygiene education as a strategy to drive hygiene behaviour change in Nigeria.
—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————–
Sponsored Content The post Dettol partners with Lagos State Government to promote Personal Hygiene in Schools appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. In continuation of activities around the Clean Naija initiative, leading health brand, Dettol and its brand ambassador, Funke Akindele have been embarking on a series of hospital and school visits to educate new moms and children on better health practice.  Funke Akindele-Bello, a new mother herself went round classrooms and… July 17, 2019 In "Entertainment" The World’s leading consumer health and hygiene company, Reckitt Benckiser (RB) makers of Dettol has urged nursing mothers to embrace good hygiene practice during breast-feeding. This was reiterated upon at a Breast-feeding workshop, titled ‘Sustaining Development Together’ which was carried out in partnership with Save Our Children International, Nigeria Branch,… August 14, 2017 In "News" Dettol, the leading antibacterial brand celebrated the 2018 Global Handwashing Day in Abuja by calling on all Nigerians to imbibe the handwashing habit as a day-to-day activity for the reduction of diarrhoea related diseases. Proper handwashing practices according to recent findings by the World Health Organisation can reduce communicable diseases… October 17, 2018 In "News"