Cormart a leading specialty chemicals company in Nigeria and active in production and sales/marketing of chemicals and raw materials such as paint, glues & adhesives, oil lubricants, breweries, distilleries, beverage, food, confectionaries, cosmetics, and personal and home care chemicals. Cormat is part of TGI Group, an international investment and holding company with diverse interests and investments in Nigeria, Ghana, Benin Republic, and several other emerging markets. It is a sister company to TGI Distri., Chi Farms Ltd., Chi Pharmaceuticals Ltd., WACOT Ltd., WASIL Ltd., Romson Oil Field Services and various other companies. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Lagos Application Closing Date
13th April, 2020 Interview Date
Suitable candidates will be invited and assessed as per the schedule below: The post Credit Control Officer at Cormart Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Cormart was incorporated in 1981 as a trading company specializing in Industrial Raw Materials and Chemicals. We represent the business interests of top Multinational Companies who wish to do business in Nigeria. We import, stock and distribute chemicals and other Raw Materials for the paint, confectioneries, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, food and… October 28, 2019 In "Gists" CHI Farms has been in the agro-allied industry operating for over 2 decades in Nigeria. In a world facing the challenges of food shortage, Chi is showing the way forward with highly productive and sustainable farming operations. We are headquartered in Ajanla Village, with a second farm unit in Sanusi.… November 25, 2019 In "Gists" CHI Farms has been in the agro-allied industry operating for over 2 decades in Nigeria. In a world facing the challenges of food shortage, Chi is showing the way forward with highly productive and sustainable farming operations. We are headquartered in Ajanla Village, with a second farm unit in Sanusi.… November 25, 2019 In "Gists"