Experts in media and marketing communications have predicted that the industry will grow at 4.2 percent between 2019 and 2023. They explained that the growth will be propelled by advertising spend which will be driven by internet advertising, adding, however, that over the next five years, the growth will lag behind global gross domestic product (GDP). They stated that within this overall growth, global advertising revenue will also increase at the same rate of 4.2percent. Speaking to Vanguard, Osakwe Ihugba, Technology, Information, Communications and Entertainment Director at Vent communications said: “This may seem a downward to what was obtained in 2019, 5.1 percent, but to achieve this growth, changes in technology, user behaviour and business models will have to open up a gap between how consumers want to experience media offerings, and how companies produce and distribute them. To deliver it, he said, “companies must pursue two related strategies. First, build businesses and brands anchored by active, high-value communities of fans, united by shared passions, values, and interests. And second, capitalize on emerging technologies to delight users in new ways and provide superior user experiences.” Ihugba also said:    “Over the next five years, I see the media industry grow at 4.2percent, lagging behind the growth of global GDP. Within this overall increase, global advertising revenue will also grow at 4.2percent – down from 5.1percent in last year’s Global outlook.” Tosin Olanrewaju, Co-Founder, MaxCom Media,  Lagos adds: “The steady growth of digital technology has ushered in a more direct-to-consumer environment characterized by greater choice and user control.” On how businesses are maximizing this growth,  Group Head, Retail Marketing & Analytics of Access Bank Plc,    Chioma Afe said:  “As you know, marketing communications has evolved from purely traditional advertising (largely one way communication) to a more interactive, two way consumer engagement via digital platforms driven by the rapid growth in social media content creation    and consumption especially by millennials.” The post Media industry to grow at 4.2% in next 5 years — Experts
appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Mrs. Chioma Afe is the Group Head, Retail Marketing & Analytics of Access Bank Plc. She speaks on how the bank is keying into the media and entertainment industry projected to be the fastest-growing in Nigeria complemented by mobile and internet advertising. The bank’s re-branding efforts and its impact on… March 5, 2020 In "News" In recent time, Nigeria has launched more re-positioning and attitudinal change campaigns than any other country in the world but none seems to soar up the Nigeria brand image. To get this right, the former Commissioner for Information & Strategy in Akwa Ibom State and media/communication practitioners, Aniekan Umanah, says… July 23, 2017 In "News" The global insurance industry is set to grow more strongly at 4.5 percent per annum on average (3.0 percent in real terms, or adjusted for inflation) during 2017 and 2018, according to Munich Re. While premium income is likely to grow only nominally this year, slightly higher real growth of… October 9, 2017 In "News"