Sahel Consulting Agriculture & Nutrition Limited (SCANL) is a leading management consulting firm focused on the agricultural and nutrition sectors in Africa. We partner with government agencies, private sector companies and leading international development organizations to conduct research, analyze policies, develop strategies and implement programs that promote sustainable food security and improved nutrition. We have worked on a variety of projects across West Africa, including in Benin, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Mali, Nigeria, and Senegal. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Ogun Application Closing Date
Open till Filled. The post Finance / Accounts Manager at Sahel Consulting Agriculture & Nutrition Limited (SCANL) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Sahel Consulting Agriculture & Nutrition Limited (SCANL) is a leading management consulting firm focused on the agricultural and nutrition sectors in Africa. We partner with government agencies, private sector companies and leading international development organizations to conduct research, analyze policies, develop strategies and implement programs that promote sustainable food security… August 22, 2018 In "Jobs" Sahel Consulting Agriculture & Nutrition Limited (SCANL) is a leading management consulting firm focused on the agricultural and nutrition sectors in Africa. We partner with government agencies, private sector companies and leading international development organizations to conduct research, analyze policies, develop strategies and implement programs that promote sustainable food security… August 16, 2019 In "Jobs" Sahel Consulting Agriculture & Nutrition Limited (SCANL) is a leading management consulting firm focused on the agricultural and nutrition sectors in Africa. We partner with government agencies, private sector companies and leading international development organizations to conduct research, analyze policies, develop strategies and implement programs that promote sustainable food security… June 11, 2019 In "Jobs"