Pep Guardiola is deeply missing football but the Manchester City manager underlined the importance of staying safe by remaining at home during the coronavirus crisis. Sports across the globe have been suspended as countries look to curb the spread of Covid-19 and few expect the Premier League to return anytime soon. Guardiola last week donated one million euros (£918,000) to aid the battle against coronavirus in Spain and has released a message to City fans urging them to heed medical advice. FEATURE: F365’s Premier League club-by-club reviews: Manchester City “We miss football,” he said. “We miss the life that we had a few days ago but now is the time to listen, to follow our scientists, doctors and nurses. “You are my football family and we are going to do everything possible to make you feel better. We’ll come back from this stronger, better, kinder… and a little bit fatter. Stay inside, stay safe.” Guardiola’s video message came as the club launched the new ‘Cityzens At Home’ website dedicated to providing fans with news, advice and activities during these unprecedented times. There will be bespoke coaching videos from members of the City staff, as well as daily skills challenges and players’ favourite recipes among other offerings.  The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal.  The post ‘We’ll come back a little bit fatter’ – Pep sends message to Man City supporters appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Manchester City's Spanish midfielder David Silva (L) vies with Huddersfield Town's Belgian striker Laurent Depoitre during the English Premier League football match between Huddersfield Town and Manchester City at the John Smith's stadium in Huddersfield, northern England on November 26, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / Oli SCARFF  David Silva has… November 29, 2017 In "News" Man City’s injury troubles Manchester City have had a fairly torrid time with injuries this season. Despite it only being October, all three of Man City’s senior central defenders have already suffered some sort of injury with Aymeric Laporte still on the side-lines. Fernandinho and Rodri have been featuring as… October 26, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is excited by the performance of his team at the International Champions Cup and hopes the impressive showing at the pre-season tournament will serve as confidence booster ahead of the 2017/2018 season. Guardiola watched his side thump fellow English Premier League title rivals Tottenham Hotspur… July 30, 2017 In "Sports"