West Brom striker Charlie Austin has urged people to take the coronavirus outbreak seriously after revealing he has been struck down by the disease. With death tolls across Britain and Europe rising and pubs, restaurants and clubs across the United Kingdom closing from Friday night, the pandemic continues to affect everyday life. Sport has been hit hard with postponements across all domestic football, with a number of players and staff already testing positive for Covid-19. But Austin said he has been struggling with the condition in recent days and stressed the importance of following government guidelines. “Before I started feeling the symptoms on Saturday I was on the phone to my wife Bianca’s mother and I said to her that I hoped if anyone in our family got it that it would be me,” he told the Daily Telegraph. “I felt like I was fit and healthy and I could handle it. A week later and I would say to anyone, even those in their 20s and 30s – ‘Don’t take it lightly – it’s serious’. “I get that people who haven’t got it are going about their lives. Last week, I was living my life. “Not that I didn’t take coronavirus seriously. But this is extremely serious and we should take it that way.” Austin felt that football needed a high-profile name to catch the virus before it was taken seriously, adding: “It almost took someone high up to get it for the game to think, ‘Oh actually, we need to stop’. “If (Arsenal head coach) Mikel Arteta hadn’t tested positive, we would have played those fixtures last weekend. “I would rather we looked back in three or four months’ time and thought we were over-cautious than look back thinking that we could have done more.” The post Austin suffering from coronavirus, warns others: ‘Don’t take it lightly’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Nadine Dorries Nadine Dorries, Britain’s minister for patient safety, suicide prevention, and mental health, has tested positive to the new coronavirus, Health Secretary Matt Hancock has said. “Really sorry to hear Nadine has tested positive for coronavirus. “She has done the right thing by self-isolating at home,” Hancock said in… March 11, 2020 In "News" Oyo State Government has embarked on some preventive measures against the spread of Coronavirus (Covid-19) at its parastatals, such as Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, and Oyo State Road Transport Maintenance Agency, in Ibadan. This is coming as Governor Seyi Makinde admitted his government had a ‘lapse in judgement’… March 20, 2020 In "News" The death toll in the U.S. from the coronavirus rose to 17 on Friday, as the impact of the outbreak continued to have a knock-on effect across the country. Two deaths were reported in Florida, and four more deaths were reported in Washington state, the epicentre of the outbreak, where… March 7, 2020 In "News"