President Buhari on Monday signed the Covid-19 Regulations 2020 which declared Covid-19 a dangerous infectious disease and legalized lockdown of activities in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun states to enable government contain further spread of coronavirus. The president relied on powers conferred on him by Sections 2,3 and 4 of the Quarantine Act (CAP Q2 LFN 2004) and all powers enabling him in that behalf. The regulations which took effect March 30, 2020 also gave legal backing to all other measures outlined by the President in his nationwide broadcast on Sunday. The measures particularly include the immediate implementation of a three month repayment moratorium for all government interventions including, TraderMoni, MarketMoni and FarmerMoni loans as well as those implemented through the Bank of Industry, Bank of Agriculture and the Nigeria Export Import Bank. As part of the regulations also, the president granted exemption for the financial and money markets to run very skeletal activities and to ensure that Nigerians can still perform online transactions and as well use their ATMs during the period. It also granted critical staff of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN); Deposit Money Banks (DMBs); Nigeria Interbank Settlement System (NIBSS) Plc; Switching companies; Mobile money operators; as well as Payment solution service providers leave to move around during the lockdown and deliver essential duties. Onyinye Nwachukwu, Abuja Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice (AGF), Ababukar Malami, Monday, told Ebun Olu Adegboru (SAN) that his criticism of  President Muhammadu Buhari’s proclamation on restriction of movement on account of COVID 19, was done in bad faith. Malami, who disclosed in a statement signed by his spokesman,… March 30, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has been asked to include Oyo State and other states with confirmed cases of Covid-19 in whatever measures being taken by the Federal Government to curtail the spread of the Coronavirus in the country. A three-term member of the House of Representatives, Ajibola Muraina who gave the… March 31, 2020 In "News" President Buhari on Sunday restricted all movements in Lagos and the FCT for an initial period of 14 days with effect from 11pm on Monday, 30th March 2020. This restriction will also apply to Ogun State due to its close proximity to Lagos and the high traffic between the two States. The President announced… March 29, 2020 In "News"