Jose Mourinho refused to blame anyone for Tottenham’s Champions League exit and claims they will not have a major summer rebuild. Spurs crashed out of the competition with a 4-0 aggregate defeat to RB Leipzig, extending their winless run to six games – the longest such stretch of Mourinho’s coaching career. However, the manager reined in any excessive criticism of his players, admitting that injuries had taken their toll for Spurs to reach this point. “Look, of course I was positive yesterday, that’s the way I have to be all of the time. If you’re not positive it’s better not to come to the game,” Mourinho told BT Sport. “Yes, we all believed, but we know that in this moment it’s very difficult. They are a very strong side. “It’s hard for us to score at the moment. Our first couple of mistakes they score and then it’s very difficult. “Their physicality is incredible, their defenders win the duels, they stop the game. They are very fast in attack. They can hurt us all of the time, they deserve to go through. “If I can be critical of some of my players, I keep this for us. They tried to give what they can give. “We made mistakes, mistakes that we have analysed in previous matches. I never blame players with some difficulties. It’s hard for me to cope with players who cannot express their potential, not those who are at their limit. I am with the boys. “There is nobody to blame. In every match we have a traumatic injury. That’s the history of this season. It is non-stop. “Look at our bench tonight. It is very hard. I cannot blame the players. “I don’t think we will have a big rebuild, this summer, unless something happens during the Euros, we have Sissoko back, we have Kane, we have Son, that is massive.” The post Mourinho dismisses chances of big summer rebuild at Spurs appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Kane-Mourinho Tottenham manager Jose Mourinho said he would get “depressed” if he wallowed in the news that Harry Kane is to be missing for at least three months. The Spurs striker has undergone surgery on a torn hamstring that will see him miss the majority of the remainder of the… January 10, 2020 In "News" A pleased Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has praised his new signings Romelu Lukaku   and Nemanja Matic after the side’s season-opening Premier League 4-0 win over West Ham on Sunday. Lukaku, bought for £75m from Everton this summer, and Matic, who arrived from Chelsea, we’re outstanding as United cruised to… August 13, 2017 In "Sports" Tottenham are waiting to find out the extent of Harry Kane’s hamstring injury sustained in the 1-0 defeat at Southampton. Kane picked up the problem in the process of scoring an offside goal and left St Mary’s Stadium on crutches, sparking fears he could be set for a lengthy spell… January 1, 2020 In "News"