Nigeria’s Bob-Nosa Uwagboe’s fame has risen rapidly as Africa’s foremost protest artist. Since he hit the international limelight through his distinctive style of painting, concepts, and curatorial skills of OUT OF AFRICA’s Acosta Sorella and Malgorzata Paszylka-Glaza, Curator of the Modern Art Department, The National Museum in Gdansk, Poland, he has been a regular feature in exhibitions in Europe, especially in Spain and Poland. With the present coronavirus scourge ravaging the world, Bob-Nosa’s artworks which are prognosis of afflictions of mass death due to human abuse of nature and morality, have been subjects of discussion on the social media. Following the correlation between his “Rest in Peace” and the present cataclysm, and of his description as Nostradamus who saw tomorrow, OSA AMADI chatted him up on WhatsApp, only to discover that he is presently trapped in Gdansk, Poland, where he has gone to attend the exhibition of his works titled “TRANSIT”. In this brief chat, Bob speaks of his relentless warnings to humanity, and of his own safety now in Poland. Another renowned artist, Ato Arinze, also spoke to Vanguard about Bob-Nosa: The post COVID-19, Bob-Nosatradamus who saw tomorrow appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. L-R: Bisola Balogun, Fikayo Jegede, Petra Onyegbule, Mazi Abe Idris, Lanre Idris, and Libby Offem-Oke, all of the Mazi & Friends family, today, Tuesday during a press conference announcing the upcoming Christmas Evening with Mazi & Friends taking place on December 29 at Muri Okunola Park, Victoria Island Lagos. Photo:… December 24, 2019 In "News" BY OSA AMADI The date was July 17 to 18, 2017, and venue was the Convention Centre of Eko Hotels & Suites, Lagos, Nigeria. The event was Creative Nigeria Summit and the theme was Financing the Film, Television and Music Industries. •Cross section of participants at the summit Although film… July 23, 2017 In "News" By Osa Amadi, Arts Editor It appears the full statures of men are mostly unveiled when they are dead. Many who did not know the full length and breadth of Arthur Nwankwo’s intellectual ability are coming to the knowledge of it now since February 1 when the fearless author and… February 10, 2020 In "News"