West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady thinks the current Premier League season should be declared “null and void” if the season can’t be finished due to the coronavirus outbreak. The Football Association, the Premier League, the English Football League, FA Women’s Super League and FA Women’s Championship have all agreed to call a halt to competitive action with immediate effect until early April. Liverpool are only two wins away from winning the Premier League title, while other teams have relegation and European qualification issues if the season is ultimately cancelled. FEATURE: The Premier League’s coronavirus options: Void, postpone or ‘formula’? And Brady says the “only fair and reasonable” thing to do would be to declare the whole season “null and void”. “Suspension or cancellation of the league was always a certainty,” Brady wrote in The Sun. “There is no dodging the possibility that all levels in the EFL, as well as the Premier League, will have to be cancelled and this season declared null and void because if the players can’t play the games can’t go ahead. “The PL hopes that an interlude of three weeks from today will enable it to restart but that may well be dreamland. “So what if the league cannot be finished? As games in both the PL and in the EFL are affected, the only fair and reasonable thing to do is declare the whole season null and void. “Who knows who would have gone down or come up if the games have not actually been played in full? “A huge blow to Liverpool who might be robbed of their first title in 30 years. “This will be discussed between the PL and the clubs next week at an emergency meeting.” The F365 Show has so far escaped the wrath of coronavirus. So we’ll be back every Thursday (probably) with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post PL season should be declared void if it can’t be finished – Brady appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool could be denied their first ever Premier League title should the domestic season be cut short by Coronavirus. Jurgen Klopp’s relentless winning machine equalled a domestic record on Monday by registering a 19th consecutive victory, moving to within four wins of claiming the Premier League title which has evaded… February 28, 2020 In "News" The Premier League, FA, EFL and WSL have collectively agreed to ‘postpone the professional game in England until April 3 at the earliest’; the desperation to continue with something that is – at best – the most important of the unimportant things, has finally given way under the pressure of… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" In the absence of any football to watch, you might as well send us your mails: theeditor@football365.com… Coronavirus, football and the government I am writing this to the mailbox because, given my job, I have been advised that airing this on social media etc. could cost me my job or,… March 13, 2020 In "Sports"