Dimitar Berbatov is intrigued to see Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes in the same Manchester United team. Fernandes was Premier League player of the month for February after making a massive impact following his January transfer. Pogba was due to return to training this week after a long injury lay-off, with the Frenchman said to be very keen to link up with United’s new attacking midfielder. ‘I don’t know if Fernandes and Pogba can play together,’ Berbatov said in his Betfair column. ‘Fernandes has quickly become an influential player for United. I’m pleased and impressed by how well integrated into the team he’s become in a short space of time. ‘His teammates are looking for him with the ball because they know he can create magic. He looks happy to be playing for United. I really hope he continues in this form. ‘As a fan of Paul Pogba, I want him to stay at United, I think it would be best for him, but I am curious to see how he will link up with Fernandes. ‘They’re similar players, both intelligent enough to think three steps ahead when they’re on the ball. ‘Sometimes footballers are too similar to play together. But I hope that’s not the case here because, with Fernandes and Pogba in the same midfield, United could be a very imaginative team that would surprise opponents next season or even sooner.’ The post Berbatov ‘curious’ about potential Pogba-Fernandes clash appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. You can’t blame pleasure-starved Manchester United fans for getting turned on by Bruno Fernandes. In his first month in Manchester, he has given the club a shot in the arm at a pivotal point in the season with flair, imagination, creativity and ruthlessness not seen at Old Trafford for far… March 4, 2020 In "Sports" Have Manchester United turned a corner? That question headlined numerous outlets with greater reach than ourselves on a monthly basis through the first half of the season. Had they signed Bruno Fernandes in the summer, the answer when it was first asked in September would have been a resounding ‘yes’… February 27, 2020 In "Sports" Neil Custis is fascinated by the fact Bruno Fernandes has an ‘O’ in his name. The boy is already a legend, by the way…   O negative Mediawatch is not sure what it finds more amusing about the following double-page spread in The Sun‘s Goals pullout. Here is a double-page spread… February 24, 2020 In "Sports"