Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was unhappy that a reporter questioned him about the coronavirus outbreak after already being quizzed on the subject. The likelihood of matches in Britain being played without fans is growing as the coronavirus crisis continues to worsen. On the possibility of playing some matches behind closed doors, Klopp said: “It’s not about me as a manager, it’s about being a human being. Some things are more important than football and we realised that in this moment. FEATURE: F365’s top ten free transfers in Premier League history “We need time to find a solution for that. I don’t know enough. “Whatever will be decided, we will respect. It’s clear that we will accept that but I don’t know how much sense it will make in this moment. That is how it is.” When Klopp was pushed again on coronavirus by a Spanish reporter, he responded in a spiky fashion: “Are you concerned in your city? That is not that special, we are not the society, we are part of it. “I don’t like you sit there and ask this. You are concerned, but is football worth it to travel? We play football… “That is the time I get angry when I have a problem that you don’t have. Players at the moment are all healthy. 22 players not shaking hands is not a sign for society. Are we all in the same boat?” The post Klopp gives spiky response to reporter’s coronavirus question appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp dismissed questions about coronavirus following his side’s FA Cup defeat to Chelsea on Tuesday. The German insists he is merely a man in a ”baseball cap and a bad shave” and not the person to be asking about the virus. His side suffered a third loss in four games as goals… March 4, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool could be denied their first ever Premier League title should the domestic season be cut short by Coronavirus. Jurgen Klopp’s relentless winning machine equalled a domestic record on Monday by registering a 19th consecutive victory, moving to within four wins of claiming the Premier League title which has evaded… February 28, 2020 In "News" Liverpool were kicked out of the League Cup on Tuesday night but manager Jurgen Klopp still believes his side is still a “good football team” despite seeing their winless run continue for a fourth successive game. Liverpool’s defensive frailties were again exposed as they suffered a 2-0 loss to exit… September 20, 2017 In "Sports"