Christian Eriksen is reportedly ‘wondering’ whether he made the right choice when leaving Tottenham for Inter Milan in January. The Denmark international has featured just eight times since his switch from the Premier League. His one goal and one assist both came in the Europa League fixtures against Ludogorets, and he’s started just once in Serie A. El Desmarque (via Sport Witness) claim he has ‘started to have doubts about whether he took the right decision and should have gone to Real Madrid’. Eriksen made no secret of his desire to leave Tottenham, and spent much of the first part of the season on the periphery with his future in doubt. As a result he was not at his best when he did play, something he was hoping to remedy when he left the club in the mid-season transfer window. But it’s not quite worked out that way at the San Siro, and he is allegedly regretting his choice not to opt for Real Madrid instead. Whether they really wanted him or not, is another question. The post Eriksen ‘starting to have doubts’ over Tottenham exit choice appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Eriksen & Tottenham Christian Eriksen has been at Tottenham since 2013 when he moved from Dutch outfit Ajax. The midfielder has made 287 appearances across all competitions for Spurs, in which he has scored 67 and assisted 67. However, Eriksen looks to be moving close to an exit from the… October 5, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham vs Watford If Tottenham could have hand-picked an opponent for round 9 of the Premier League, they’d probably have picked Watford. Spurs have lost four of their last five matches in all competitions. That included a 7-2 home defeat to Bayern Munich, plus a 3-0 away loss at Brighton… October 17, 2019 In "Sports" Could both Christian Eriksen & Pochettino join Madrid? Real Madrid are reportedly looking to wrap up a pre-agreement with Christian Eriksen in January, before signing Mauricio Pochettino in the summer. It’s been a very difficult start to the season for both Eriksen and Pochettino. Eriksen specifically has been in and… September 25, 2019 In "Sports"