Ole Gunnar Solskjaer insisted it is a “privilege to be a manager” of Manchester United after his side did the Premier League double over Manchester City with a 2-0 win at Old Trafford. Anthony Martial fired Solskjaer’s side ahead after he squeezed the ball under Ederson – who should have done better – after a clever free-kick from Bruno Fernandes. Despite City having the lion’s share of possession and putting pressure on the United goal they didn’t create too many clear-cut chances. Scott McTominay rounded off the victory with a stunning 35-yard finish after Ederson was punished for his second error of the game. Solskjaer was understandably proud of his side’s performance and hailed the connection Anthony Martial and Bruno Fernandes have made. He told Sky Sports: “The desire, attitude, commitment, connection between fans and players pleased me most. “At times we pressed them, pushed them back, we tried to be aggressive. “We made them make mistakes and we are happy with the result. “Anthony [Martial] and Bruno [Fernandes] have hit if off. It is a privilege to be a manager of a squad with this attitude. You can’t ask for more. They are going to improve as players as well. “Those little things will come but it is a privilege and they want to listen to advice. For our players to beat a team like Manchester City is fantastic, I am delighted for them.” For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Solskjaer gushes over Man Utd duo who ‘have hit it off’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola claims his side produced “a good performance” despite losing for the third time to Manchester United this season. Anthony Martial fired Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side ahead after he squeezed the ball under Ederson – who should have done better – after a clever free-kick from Bruno… March 8, 2020 In "Sports" Neil Custis is fascinated by the fact Bruno Fernandes has an ‘O’ in his name. The boy is already a legend, by the way…   O negative Mediawatch is not sure what it finds more amusing about the following double-page spread in The Sun‘s Goals pullout. Here is a double-page spread… February 24, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is backing Anthony Martial to deliver his most prolific season as the French striker takes on the role of the club’s primary goalscorer following a potentially season-ending injury to Marcus Rashford. Martial scored the equaliser as United earned a 1-1 draw at Club Brugge… February 21, 2020 In "News"