Former Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney reckons Liverpool “deserve” the Premier League title this season amid uncertainty over whether the campaign will be able to finish. The Reds have not won the top-flight title since 1990 when they secured the old First Division crown. Fans had hoped Liverpool would end that wait this season only for the coronavirus pandemic to stop them in their tracks by forcing a temporary break to all football. FEATURE: The five best tacticians of the Premier League season Liverpool are 25 points clear of nearest rivals Manchester City at the top of the Premier League this season and Rooney admits that the Reds would deserve their crown. “Liverpool will win the Premier League,” Rooney wrote in the Sunday Times. “Now, as you can imagine, I have Everton fans phoning me up saying: ‘The season has to be cancelled!’ “And, of course, as an Evertonian and someone who played for Manchester United for 13 years, there’s a bit in me that thinks that would be good… “But no. Liverpool have been fantastic. They have put so much work in. They deserve this title. Can you imagine waiting 30 years and then having it taken away like this? The right decision has been made. “The fair thing is to finish 2019-20 – even if we have to lose next season in the process.” Rooney added: “It wouldn’t surprise me if finishing the season takes until the end of 2020. “Football, like every other industry, is in unknown territory and, just like every other industry, has to listen to the advice and take all necessary precautions. For me, that rules out finishing the season behind closed doors. “When you play behind closed doors it still means bringing together a fairly large group of people. “Most important of all, even for a closed-doors game you need ambulances, doctors, paramedics. They’re mandatory. Police may be needed too. “Why bring them all to a football match when in this crisis they will be needed elsewhere for things that are far more important.” The post Rooney gives his view on calls to award Liverpool the PL title appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Jose Mourinho has this afternoon weighed in on what he feels the repercussions of a Liverpool win over Manchester City today would be in the race for the Premier League title. Liverpool vs Man City The English top-flight’s top-2 are set to go head-to-head at Anfield shortly. Champions City currently… November 10, 2019 In "Sports" Former Manchester United star Wayne Rooney has provided his take on the Premier League title race, tipping Liverpool to replace Manchester City as champions. Liverpool march on Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Leicester City to Anfield yesterday afternoon, for their latest league outing. The Reds headed into proceedings having enjoyed a… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool ‘bottled’ the title Liverpool had a superb 2018/19 season. They would win their 6th Champions League title and record their highest points total in the Premier League. Jurgen Klopp’s side managed a staggering 97 points in the league but they still failed to come away with the title as… September 27, 2019 In "Sports"