Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno expects Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to stay at the club despite interest from Barcelona and Juventus. The Gabon striker has been strongly linked with a move to a Champions League club and his contract expires in 2021, leaving both club and player to make a decision this summer. Goalkeeper Leno was asked on his eSports channel about players joining the club this summer and he said: “I’m not sure, it depends who’s going to leave and who stays. I don’t know. “I think it depends if Auba signs a new contract or [if] he leaves. I don’t know what they are going to do. “But if he leaves, of course, you need another player. But I think he’s going to stay.” Neither Leno or Aubameyang is our Arsenal player of the season. But who is? The post Arsenal star expects Aubameyang to stay appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. James Benge of football.london has provided an update on Arsenal’s attempts to secure the long-term futures of star attackers Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. Arsenal fight back The Gunners welcomed Tottenham to the Emirates last Sunday evening, for a highly-anticipated derby showdown. The two sides headed into proceedings with their… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" Aubameyang Arsenal star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will be staying with the club despite speculation he wanted a move said Gunners manager Mikel Arteta on Thursday. The 30-year-old France-born Gabonese international, reports suggest, is reluctant to commit himself any longer than the 18 months remaining on his contract due to Arsenal… January 2, 2020 In "News" Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has sent Arsenal fans into a frenzy by deleting all references to the Gunners on his Instagram. The Gabon striker removed his main display picture and his bio is now just an empty space amid rumours linking the 29-year-old with a move to China. Aubameyang and Lacazette have… June 5, 2019 In "News"