Art Cover for “Ride On” Gospel Songstress, Monique sets the masses ablaze as she storms out her latest single titled “Ride On”; With powerful vocal rendition and visuals that bring the words of the Song to Life, the soothing single  is your new devotional. Ride On is song made to take you on a smooth get away journey to a place of spiritual solace and peace. While Code mixing and Code switching between English and Yoruba languages, Ride On by Monique is a poetic piece of art yet Spiritual enough to create an atmosphere that inspire an Encounter. Produced by Tolu Obanro popularly known as Tyanx, Ride On is a rundown of “No Struggle, Sing your Bliss” that takes you on a smooth get away journey to a place of spiritual solace and peace. DOWNLOAD AUDIO CONNECT ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Twitter: @mqmonique
Instagram: @moniquenaija Lyrics: Ride On By  Monique Verse 1:
Agbára Olórun mbe níbí.
The Power of GOD is here.
Èmí Olórun mbe níbí.
The Spirit of GOD is here. Chorus:
Momòpé bímobá képè é, Óma foùn.
Momòpé bímobá képè é, Á sògo.
I know that the Spirit of GOD will cause an overflow. Ride On, Ride On, Ride On.
Èmí oooo.
Ride On, Ride On, Ride On. Verse 2:
Let my ears belong to yOu so all i hear is you.
Let my heart belong to you.
So all i do is you.
Shield me from the power of sin.
Let them gat nothing on me.
Holy Spirit, gbàmí tán. Chorus:
Momòpé bímobá képè é, Óma foùn.
Momòpé bímobá képè é, Á sògo.
I know that the Spirit of GOD will cause an overflow. Ride On, Ride On, Ride On.
Èmí oooo.
Ride On, Ride On, Ride On. Chants:
Agbára Olórun mbe láyé mi.
Agbára tóh borí ohun gbogbo.
Who art thou oh mountain níwájú Oba gbogbo ayé.
Olúwa tóh pò nípá àti agbára.
Òkan soso òrò tí nso gbogbo òrò.
Òrò gbénú omi adágún.
Òrò gbénú omi òkun ru.
Ìjìnlè nlá Atófaratì bí òkè.
Mopá tàsetàse L’órúko JÉSÙ Kristì.
Egbé oríiyín sókè, èyin enu ònà, kí asì gbé e yín sókè èyin ilèkùn ayérayé, kí Oba ògo kíó wolé wá.
Àkóbí nú àwon òkú, òdó àgùntàn tíó fèmí rè lé’lè fún wa.
Olùdámòràn, igi òkìkí, àpáta aìí dìgbòlù, òkè táò l’esí.
Òjìjí àti ìmólè. …………………………… The post VIDEO: Monique – Ride On appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Gospel Songstress, Monique sets the masses ablaze as she storms out her latest single titled “Ride On“; With powerful vocal rendition and visuals that bring the words of the Song to Life, Ride On is your new devotional. ‘Ride On‘ is song made to take you on a smooth get… March 16, 2020 In "Music/Video" Pilot Mars releases his first single of the year titled ‘Far Away‘ which is a follow up to his debut single ‘Energy’. “Far Away” was produced by Melodinous, Mixed and Mastered by Lenx Mix. Pilot Mars is a talented act with great vocals and a vibe of his own. The… January 17, 2020 In "Music/Video" Sometimes, you find yourself stuck in traffic or caught on transit for a terribly long journey that guarantees to be boring. Aside from sleep, what else can you use to pass the time or rather, make it worthwhile, other than music? We have compiled some songs to include to your… September 20, 2018 In "News"