Euro 2020 will be postponed a year until July 2021, according to the Norwegian FA, although there has been no official announcement. European football’s governing body are currently discussing plans for the rest of the season at a meeting following the coronavirus outbreak. One of the key decisions to be taken by UEFA will be whether to postpone Euro 2020 until the summer of 2021, with the intention of allowing 2019-20 competitions that have been suspended to be completed. FEATURE: Liverpool dominate our early end-of-season awards A number of national associations contacted by the PA news agency which are due to host matches this summer are understood to be ready to do all they can to assist, if the consensus is that the tournament be postponed. Meetings were due to begin on Tuesday morning and an official announcement on any decision is not expected until mid to late afternoon. However, the Norwegian FA tweeted a message on Tuesday confirming that the tournament would be delayed. The short statement read: “UEFA has decided that the European Championship is postponed to 2021. It will be played from 11 June to 11 July next year. More information coming.” UEFA har bestemt at EM utsettes til 2021. Det skal spilles fra 11. juni til 11. juli neste år. Mer informasjon kommer. — NorgesFotballforbund (@nff_info) March 17, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Euro 2020 is now Euro 2021 as it’s postponed for a year appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. UEFA have issued a response to claims that countries have asked to postpone Euro 2020 due to coronavirus. The spread of the virus has led to several countries opting to cancel sporting events or order fixtures to be played behind closed doors. Italy’s Serie A has been postponed until April… March 10, 2020 In "Sports" The collapse of sports events worldwide over the rapidly spreading new coronavirus gathered pace Friday with the English Premier League and European football’s showpiece Champions League swept aside by the pandemic. England’s cricket tour of Sri Lanka also fell victim to the virus while suspension of the Premier League until… March 13, 2020 In "News" Send your Liverpool, coronavirus and other thoughts to theeditor@football365.com   Unbearable? Pah Hi So off the back of various well known figures desperate to have the season declared null and void, conveniently to the benefit of their preferred clubs – honestly who could believe a vehement Tory, writing in that… March 15, 2020 In "Sports"