West Ham skipper Mark Noble has urged every club in the country to play ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’ at the their stadiums when football resumes after the coronavirus outbreak. Football across Europe has been brought to a standstill by the Covid-19 pandemic, with authorities unable to suggest when, or if, league programmes might resume. The Premier League issued a statement alongside the EFL and PFA on Friday to say that there are some ‘difficult decisions’ ahead. When fixtures resume with fans in attendance, Hammers captain Noble feels it would be a fitting tribute to the NHS if all clubs up and down the country play Liverpool’s anthem, ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’ before matches. Referring to the clip from the hospital, Hammers skipper Noble said: “When we pull through these tough times and get back playing, every football club around the country should play this before we kick-off to show our appreciation for the NHS and the loved ones families have lost.” Come on, Man Utd fans, join in: When you walk through a storm… When we pull through these tough times and get back playing Every football club around the country should play this before we kickoff to show our appreciation for the @NHSuk and the loved ones families have lost. @WestHam @premierleague https://t.co/RuFufMnLJv — MARK NOBLE (@Noble16Mark) March 26, 2020 The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal.  The post Mark Noble: Every club should play Liverpool’s ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Southampton chief executive Martin Semmens insists everyone is hopeful of completing the Premier League season by the end of June, but stressed no one can be sure when football in this country will resume. English football is currently suspended until April 30 due to the coronavirus pandemic, with the decision… March 22, 2020 In "Sports" In the absence of any football to watch, you might as well send us your mails: theeditor@football365.com… Coronavirus, football and the government I am writing this to the mailbox because, given my job, I have been advised that airing this on social media etc. could cost me my job or,… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" Get yourself in the afternoon Mailbox. Send your missives to the editor@football365.com…   Saka for England With all of the speculation over who England should take to the Euros in 2021 I find it really strange that I haven’t seen anyone mention Saka. He has been phenomenal for Arsenal and… March 19, 2020 In "Sports"