Former Cardiff midfielder Peter Whittingham is in hospital with head injuries following a fall. The former England Under-21 international, who finished his career at Blackburn in 2018, suffered the injuries after an “accidental” fall at a pub in Barry. “At around 10pm on March 7, South Wales Police were called to a licensed premises in Barry,” a police statement read. “A 35-year-old man from Penarth suffered a head injury as a result of a fall and remains at the University Hospital of Wales, Cardiff. “At this stage there is no evidence or suggestion of a criminal act, and it appears the injury was caused by an accidental fall. “Enquiries are continuing into the circumstances of the incident.” Nuneaton-born Whittingham began his career at boyhood club Aston Villa, where he made his debut in 2003 and went on to make 66 appearances. Whittingham joined Cardiff in 2007 and played in both FA Cup and League Cup finals for the Bluebirds, as well as winning promotion to the Premier League in 2013. He made 459 appearances and scored 98 goals for Cardiff, before finishing his career at Blackburn in 2018.  The post Ex-Cardiff midfielder Whittingham in hospital following fall appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Wales flanker Ellis Jenkins will see a specialist after suffering a knee injury against South Africa and hopes his World Cup dream is not over. Ellis Jenkins: Wales and Cardiff Blues flanker waits for specialist's verdict November 28, 2018 In "Sports" From the tragic death of Argentine footballer Emiliano Sala to motor racing legend Niki Lauda and South Africa’s 1995 Rugby World Cup champion Chester Williams, AFP Sport looks at some of the notable sporting figures who passed away in 2019: Emiliano Sala, 28 — The Argentine footballer was killed on… December 25, 2019 In "News" St Peter Port, United Kingdom: Rescuers searched Wednesday for a missing plane carrying Cardiff City’s record new signing Emiliano Sala, as it emerged the Argentine striker had sent relatives a desperate message shortly before the light aircraft disappeared over the Channel. Floating objects have been found in the water, and… January 24, 2019 In "News"