Manchester United’s pursuit of Birmingham City wonderkid Jude Bellingham appears to have moved a step closer, after his parents were spotted at the club’s training ground. The 16-year-old has been linked with a number of top European clubs with Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund also said to be interested. But with his parents pictured leaving United’s Aon Training complex with their son supposedly in the back seat suggests the Red Devils are closest to securing his signature, reports the Daily Mail. FEATURE: 16 Conclusions: Manchester United 2-0 Manchester City United’s executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward left the Aon Training Complex about an hour later, but the club refused to comment. Birmingham’s Jude Bellingham and his parents were at Carrington today. His father was driving with Jude in the back seat #mulive [sun] pic.twitter.com/H6PRFHfkCr — utdreport (@utdreport) March 9, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Bellingham has made 35 appearances for Birmingham so far this season, and his impressive performances have led to speculation a £35million deal could be struck with United. Last summer, Bellingham signed a scholarship with Birmingham until 2021 where he currently reportedly earns £145-a-week, but can sign a professional deal when he turns 17 on June 29.  The post Man Utd take significant step towards £35m wonderkid transfer appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  As per a report from the Mirror, Manchester United have tabled an opening bid for in-demand Birmingham City youngster Jude Bellingham. Blues prodigy Bellingham, a 16-year-old midfielder, came up through Birmingham’s youth ranks. The English youth international had been viewed as one of the finest talents on the books at… January 12, 2020 In "Sports" The latest reports spreading across the English media suggest that Manchester United have tabled an opening bid for highly-regarded Birmingham City starlet Jude Bellingham. Blues prodigy Bellingham, a 16-year-old midfielder, came up through Birmingham’s youth ranks. The English youth international had been viewed as one of the finest talents on… January 17, 2020 In "Sports" Zlatan Ibrahimovic will step up his bid to return to full fitness by making a daily return to Manchester United’s AON training complex next month. The Sweden star has been sidelined since April after sustaining a torn ACL injury in the Europa League quarter-final clash with Anderlecht. Ibrahimovic has spent… October 7, 2017 In "News"