Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO), is the world’s leading independent international development organisation that works through volunteers to fight poverty in developing countries. Our high impact approach brings people together to share skills, build capabilities, promote international understanding and action to change lives and make the world a fairer place. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Nigeria
Contract type: Fixed Term
Contract length: 10 months
Full Time: 35 hours per week
Start date: 1st May, 2020
Type of role: Advocacy policy and research Key Performance Indicator: Essential: Desirable: Competencies: Salary
N2,500,000 -N4,000,000 / month Application Closing Date
26th March, 2020. Interview Date
15th April, 2020. The post Education Program Officer at Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO), is the world’s leading independent international development organisation that works through volunteers to fight poverty in developing countries. Our high impact approach brings people together to share skills, build capabilities, promote international understanding and action to change lives and make the world a fairer place. We… November 25, 2019 In "Gists" Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) is the world’s leading international development organisation that works through volunteers to fight poverty. Working in 24 countries around the world, our unique role in international development is to place committed volunteers with carefully selected organisations where their skills can have the greatest impact. We are… July 3, 2019 In "Jobs" Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO), is the world’s leading independent international development organisation that works through volunteers to fight poverty in developing countries. Our high impact approach brings people together to share skills, build capabilities, promote international understanding and action to change lives and make the world a fairer place. We… January 22, 2020 In "Gists"