Aston Villa boss Dean Smith insists he was proud of his players as they went “toe-to-toe” with Manchester City, and is confident if they reproduce similar performances in the Premier League, they will avoid relegation. City dominated the majority of the game and goals from Sergio Aguero and Rodri were enough to overcome a dogged Villa side 2-1 at Wembley. OPINION: ‘Football is broken’? Try telling that to Aston Villa But Mbwana Samatta scored a brilliant header for the Villans and Bjorn Engels came close to forcing extra-time in the dying seconds, but his header was palmed on to the post by Claudio Bravo. Smith was delighted with the fight shown by his team, after criticising them following their 2-0 defeat to Southampton in their last Premier League outing. Smith said: “I told the lads I am proud of them. We went toe-to-toe. “We were playing against a top team and we had to defend well. There was never any sense of a backward step and this pleased me more than anything. “The performance level is what it should be and we got a reaction from the players. The concentration goes to the Premier League and if we play like that we will get out of it.” The post Smith ‘proud’ of players as Villa go ‘toe-to-toe’ with Man City appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Aston Villa vs West Ham Round five of the Premier League ends on Monday night at Villa Park. Will Villa end the round in the relegation places? After for games this season, Dean Smith’s side are third-bottom of the standings. A 1-0 defeat at Crystal Palace before the international break… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" Aston Villa boss Dean Smith has urged his players to embrace the role of underdog in Sunday’s Carabao Cup final. Villa go into the game on the back of three successive Premier League defeats, while opponents Manchester City will be buoyed from a stand-out victory over Real Madrid at the… February 28, 2020 In "Sports" Aston Villa boss Dean Smith has this evening provided an update on the fitness of captain Jack Grealish, ahead of his side’s meeting with Liverpool. Villa’s latest test The Villans are set to welcome European champions Liverpool to Villa Park tomorrow afternoon. Jurgen Klopp’s men will head into proceedings sitting… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"