Carlo Ancelotti has explained a curious quirk involving Bernard since he has taken charge at Everton. The Italian veteran took over at Goodison Park towards the end of December following the sacking of Marco Silva earlier that month. And the Toffees have seen a significant upturn in form which has seen them back in the hunt for European football next season. And while Brazilian playmaker Bernard has played his part, there is an integrating trend in the way he has been utilised. FEATURE: (Almost) Every Premier League club’s next England man The 27-year-old has started five matches under his new manager, but only one of those has come away from Goodison Park And Ancelotti has explained his thinking behind the decision, while insisting he is a big fan of the winger. Ancelotti told the Liverpool Echo: “I know really well all of the players, I know their qualities and also their defects. “Maybe, for the fact, that at Goodison we have more possibility to control the ball, he is really good with the ball and he did really well against Crystal Palace where he scored the first goal. “When the game is in balance, it is more difficult for him to prove his quality. When we have control of the game, for him it is easier for him to prove his quality. Maybe for this reason, I put him [in the team] at home and not away. “He doesn’t have to convince me, I am already convinced he is a good player and helpful for us.” The post Ancelotti explains strange Bernard pattern at Everton appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Everton to Everton? Everton are reportedly interested in signing Gremio star Everton Soares, with the clubs executive director Klauss Camara speaking out over a move. The Toffees have struggled at times this season. The Blues stumbled under previous boss Marco Silva, falling towards the relegation zone. Though, great work from… January 15, 2020 In "Sports" Everton have appointed Carlo Ancelotti as their new manager on a four-and-a-half-year deal. The 60-year-old Italian replaces Marco Silva, who was sacked earlier this month, and becomes Everton’s fourth permanent boss since the departure of Roberto Martinez in May 2016. Ancelotti told Everton’s website: “This is a great club with… December 21, 2019 In "News" Ancelotti planning rotation Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has suggested he will rotate his squad for the clash with Newcastle this weekend, following the win over Burnley. The new Toffees boss got off to a winning start on Boxing day against the Clarets, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin scoring the only goal of… December 27, 2019 In "Sports"