Airtel Nigeria (Airtel Networks Limited) is a leading telecommunications services provider in Nigeria headquartered in Lagos, the commercial nerve-centre of Nigeria. The telco ranks amongst the top four mobile service providers in terms of subscribers with a customer base of more than 39.8 million. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited is wholly-owned subsidiary invested by Sinoma Cargo in Nigeria, founded in June 2016, located in Nigeria, Lagos. Sinoma Cargo is the first branch set up in West Africa in the process of implementing globalization strategy. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Kimberly Ryan Limited is recruiting on behalf of its clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The British Government is an inclusive and diversity-friendly employer.  We value difference, promote equality and challenge discrimination, enhancing our organisational capability. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Exciting Graduates Recruitment at Airtel Nigeria, Kimberly Ryan Limited, British High Commission & Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited (25+ Positions) – Apply Now. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. (A). Hazon Holdings Hazon Holdings is a continually growing and leading conglomerate domiciled in Africa. We specialize in raising standards through our synergy of diverse business units. We are core believers in driving people, processes and businesses to attain peak productivity in given fields through steadfastness and ultimate discipline. 1. Accountant Click… January 16, 2020 In "Gists" Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited is wholly-owned subsidiary invested by Sinoma Cargo in Nigeria, founded in June 2016, located in Nigeria, Lagos. Sinoma Cargo is the first branch set up in West Africa in the process of implementing globalization strategy. Currently, Sinoma Cargo has obtained the clearance qualification and provides overseas warehousing and… March 10, 2020 In "Gists" Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited, a company in haulage industry is currently recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: 1. Waybill Supervisor Location: Lagos Deadline: 13th August, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Loading Operator  Location: Lagos Deadline: 13th August, 2019. Click… August 6, 2019 In "Jobs"