Top Naija Songs of the Week: Korede Bello – Teni – Zlatan – Timi Dakolo – Oxlade The music grind never stops, which means every week, we’ll definitely see brand new releases from some of our favorite artists, as well as new cats looking to catch their big break. It’s the same all over the world, and Nigeria is no exception. This past week has seen the return of Korede Bello, Timi Dakolo and DJ Xclusive, while legends like Sound Sultan & Omawumi released new content. New school hotshot Oxlade appeared on 2 releases, DJ Xclusive recruited a next-rated cat, while 3 of Naija’s finest eMCees linked up on a fierce cut. Catch up on 11 of the big drops from the last 7 days below!  VIDEO: Zlatan – Unripe Pawpaw ft. Papisnoop, Jamopyper & Oberz It feels like Zlatan appears on this round-up every other week. These Zanku Records cats are poised to make a mark in 2020, with Zlatan spearheading the movement  VIDEO: Korede Bello – Sun Momi Korede Bello celebrated his birthday sometime last week and also dished out visuals to his latest single. Could he find himself up there among the stars dishing out the top Naija songs once again? At the very least, let’s hope his hiatus is now over.  VIDEO: Timi Dakolo ft. Olamide – Take Who saw a Timi Dakolo and Olamide collabo coming? No one! And it’s actually an excellent tune. My fave Olamide verse in the last couple of years. Oh… and Timi’s wife is such a babe! Song and video on repeat!  VIDEO: Fiokee – Osan ft. Teni & DJ Coublon Anything Teni touches right now turns to gold. This collabo with producer DJ Coublon and guitarist Fiokee is an absolute slam-dunk.   VIDEO: Melvitto – Wait For You ft. Oxlade US-based producer, Melvitto has quietly made a name for himself over the years. From his exploits with Ayo Jay, to lacing hits for Wande Coal, his catalog is quite impressive. “Wait For You” is arguably Oxlade‘s best performing song/feature to date. Thankfully it now has a video. The post Top Naija Songs of the Week: Korede Bello – Teni – Zlatan – Timi Dakolo – Oxlade appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 