RB Leipzig manager Julian Nagelsmann hailed his side for controlling both legs of their Champions League win over Tottenham. The German side knocked out Spurs 4-0 on aggregate, with the second leg ending 3-0 to confirm their place in the quarter-finals. Nagelsmann was proud that his side were able to make history against Jose Mourinho’s floundering Spurs, but claimed they were more in control after the first leg, despite it only ending 1-0. “It was a great moment for the history of the club and for me as a manager,” he told BT Sport. “It’s totally deserved we go to the next round. We had control of both games, scored four goals and conceded none. “Perfection is difficult in soccer because you’ll always make mistakes. But we had control of both legs. Our control was a bit better in the first game. “We were a bit lazy in the first 10 minutes of the second half but we got more powerful after that. If we pushed a little bit more we could have scored more goals. But it’s OK, I’m happy with 3-0. “It’s good if you have a young team who have a lot of self-confidence.” The post Nagelsmann revels in Leipzig’s control of Tottenham tie appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Mauricio Pochettino may leave Tottenham It’s been a tough start to the season for Tottenham. Spurs are 14th in the Premier League with 14 points from 12 matches. This Saturday, West Ham host Tottenham in the league. What will happen if Spurs lose away at the Hammers? A few days… November 19, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his side did not deserve to lose against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Alvaro Morata’s headed goal secured a hard-fought win for Chelsea who were coming off the back of a 3-0 spanking against AS Roma in the UEFA Champions League in midweek. But Mourinho… November 5, 2017 In "Sports" Mauricio Pochettino accuses Tottenham players of ‘disrespect’ After Tottenham’s 2-2 draw with Olympiacos, Mauricio Pochettino blasted his players in his post-match presser. The Argentine accused his squad fo failing to following his instructions in the first-half. Tottenham started the match brightly in Greece, forging a 2-goal lead in their Champions… September 19, 2019 In "Sports"