The Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NACHO) Plc has taken over the ground handling operations of Ethiopian Airlines Cargo and Mail Services, which was formerly handled by SACHOL, the company has said. This was effected based on the provisions of the Standard Ground Agreement Service (SGHA) signed on 1st October 2018 between NAHCO PLC and Ethiopian Airlines, Tayo Ogunbanjo, Head, Legal Services, NAHCO, explained in a signed statement on Wednesday. Ogunbanjo  explained that the current agreement between NAHCO and Ethiopian Airlines is for 3 years effective from 1st October 2018, covering amongst others ground handling services, handling of cargo and mail generally. “Ethiopian Airlines should ideally not have two contracts running on the same cargo handling business. Since we have an existing and bidding contract, we are simply exercising our right as stipulated in that contract,” Ogunbanjo said. Explaining on why this is just being effected, Ogunbanjo said:  “On assumption of office recently, I came across this oversight while going through the company’s obligations and contracts. As a law-abiding and corporately responsible entity we choose to deal on the right side of existing and extant laws and contracts.” Saheed Lasisi, Group Executive Director, commercial and business development, NAHCO PLC, said consultations were made and clarifications sought before the action was taken, and that all concerned were carried along. “Under Section 5 and as stated in Clauses 1.10 and 1.11 of our current contract, NAHCO is entitled to charge Export Terminal Charges to the Exporter and Import Terminal Charges to the Agent or Consignee,” Lasisi explained. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Barely three weeks after Idris Yakubu, Managing Director of the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) Plc, was eased out of office, one of its major shareholders, Lufthansa Airlines, has sold its shares in the company. SaharaReporters had reported on December 22, 2018 about the departure of Yakubu from the company,… January 11, 2019 In "Gists" NAHCO NAHCO Nairametrics Idris Yakubu, Managing Director of the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) Plc, has resigned his position. A statement by Tayo Ajakaye, spokesman of NAHCO during the weekend, disclosed Yakubu's resignation and announced the appointment of Mrs. Olatokunbo Fagbemi as the new Group Managing Director. Ajakaye noted that… December 22, 2018 In "Gists" Nigerian Air joins leading national carriers across Africa that include the South African Airways and the Ethiopian Airlines. 15 years after the federal government of Nigeria shut down Nigerian Airways, the country’s national carrier, President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration has decided to revive the once revered airline.On Wednesday, July 18, 2018,… July 18, 2018 In "News"