Brimingham City teenager Jude Bellingham has chosen his next club amid interest from Manchester United, according to reports in Germany. Sport Bild report that the race to sign Birmingham City’s 16-year-old sensation is coming to an end and that Borussia Dortmund are set to land Bellingham. Per the source, Bellingham is poised to select the German side, who picked up Jadon Sancho from Man City in 2017 for around £8million. Bellingham, who was spotted at Carrington earlier this month, has opted for BVB ahead of Man Utd and Bayern Munich with the report claiming he decided “weeks ago”. As of yet there has been no official confirmation as to where Bellingham, who is Blues’ youngest ever player, will end up. However, Bellingham who has played 32 matches in the Championship, scoring four goals, is likely to leave St Andrews’ this summer with his contract set to expire in 2021. MEDIAWATCH: ‘DESPERATE’ times call for some utter nonsense… Only yesterday a report in the Evening Standard claimed that Manchester United chief Ed Woodward had become obsessed with getting the deal done. The Red Devils gave the youngster a tour of the club’s Carrington training ground last week, with Woodward joined by former boss Sir Alex Ferguson during the tour. United remain hopeful of convincing the talented midfielder to move to Manchester, but the latest news suggests their efforts will be in vain with Bellingham heading to the Bundesliga. United, per the Standard, proposed an initial £20million pound offer for Birmingham, but they claim Birmingham are looking for a figure closer to £30million. Whether Dortmund have agreed to that remains to be seen, but the German giants have proved to be a happy breeding ground for young talent with Sancho, 19, thriving since he arrived at the Westfalenstadion, while Norwegian hotshot Erling Haaland has become a first-team regular after arriving in January. The post Huge blow for Man Utd as Bellingham ‘chooses next club’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool are set to inflict another blow to Manchester United in the transfer market, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is a target for Inter Milan in today’s Gossip column…   ANOTHER BLOW FOR MAN UTD Manchester United lost out to Borussia Dortmund in the January transfer window as Erling Haaland chose to… February 23, 2020 In "Sports" As per a report from the Mirror, Manchester United have tabled an opening bid for in-demand Birmingham City youngster Jude Bellingham. Blues prodigy Bellingham, a 16-year-old midfielder, came up through Birmingham’s youth ranks. The English youth international had been viewed as one of the finest talents on the books at… January 12, 2020 In "Sports" UNITED WAIT FOR VAN DE BEEK OPPORTUNITY Following Scott McTominay’s abduction in the 3-3 draw with Tottenham which took place in the murky depths of Matt Stead’s imagination on Sunday, it seems Manchester United are looking for another midfielder… Marca reckons the Red Devils haven’t given up on Donny van… March 16, 2020 In "Sports"