Credit: Twitter @MaXhosaAfrica South African Knitwear Designer, Laduma Ngxokolo marked 10 years in the fashion industry last week with an incredible Autumn/Winter 2020 show at the AFI SA fashion week. From a thesis at University to becoming a global brand, MaXhosa Africa has grown through consistency and hard work. It is hard not to point out the brand’s signature patterned knitwear design at first sight. Following major international awards and collaborations, including a homeware collection with IKEA, the brand will soon open the doors of its second flagship store in one of the biggest malls in South Africa. This season, the brand reimagines its classic patterns into matching sets, dresses, scarves and much more. The designer references their own archives as the source of inspiration. Watch the full show below   A post shared by MAXHOSA AFRICA™ (@maxhosa) on Mar 14, 2020 at 3:08pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post MaXhosa Marks 10th Year With A Must-See Fashion Show appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  American  department store Bloomingdale’s recently announced that Disney’s live action retelling of cult classic The Lion King is the inspiration for its next Carousel concept pop-up. Debuting on July 18, The Carousel@Bloomingdale’s: Style Kingdom will arrive in real life at key locations in the United States. The curation in collaboration… July 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" LFDW wraps with a performance from Tiwa Savage and amazing collection forecasting some interesting trends, see highlights from the last day. Heineken Lagos Fashion & Design Week wraps after four days of SS18 collection presentations.For day 4/the last day South African designer Gert Johan Coetzee presented a couture collection filled… October 29, 2017 In "News" Hard work, creativity and passion, punctuated by the clicking of heels, define a single moment on the GTBank Fashion Weekend Runway Show. On Saturday, November 10th, and Sunday, November 11th, 2018, thousands of guests will be entertained by this single moment as indigenous and internationally renowned designers showcase their brands… November 7, 2018 In "News"