SPURS AND CHELSEA TARGET BOURNEMOUTH STOPPER
Tottenham need new players. Jose Mourinho has barely bothered to hide his disdain for many of his current ones, and this morning’s whispers suggest they’ll spend much of the summer fighting their London rivals to land their preferred recruits. With Spurs’ keepers having spent much pf the last week chucking them in, the Daily Mail links Mourinho with a move for Bournemouth stopper Aaron Ramsdale. The 21-year-old has been one of the few positives in the Cherries’ season and should they go down, it seems Ramsdale will probably remain in the Premier League. Because not only are Spurs sniffing, Chelsea are also said to be interested while they reassess their own goalkeeping options. Bournemouth would rather hold on to Ramsdale but relegation would likely see them accept a fat profit on the £1million they paid Sheffield United in 2017. LAMPARD AND MOURINHO TO SCRAP OVER EX-CHELSEA WINGER
Chelsea and Spurs are also set to go head to head over Jeremie Boga. The Sassuolo winger has impressed in Serie A this season, scoring twice and offering eight assists, leading to suggestions that the Blues could activate a buy-back option of around £13million. That would give Sassuolo a £10million profit on the player they took from Chelsea in 2018, but The Sun reckons Frank Lampard has competition from Spurs for a player who can be used across the front line. It isn’t just Spurs and Chelsea eyeing up Boga. Borussia Dortmund and Valencia are also keen. ARSENAL RIVAL SPURS FOR LEIPZIG STAR
Mourinho made clear his annoyance at his midfield, specifically Tanguy Ndombele, at Burnley on Saturday and Calciomercato reckons the Spurs boss is interested in signing the player who bossed his engine room at RB Leipzig on Tuesday night. Marcel Sabitzer scored twice in the first half of a 3-0 win for the German side, continuing his fine form this season. The Austrian, who can play anywhere across midfield, has scored 15 goals and laid on another eight this term. Spurs’ competition for Sabitzer apparently comes in the shape of Arsenal, though it is also reported that the 25-year-old could follow Ralf Rangnick should he join AC Milan in the summer. LEVY TO PAY £70M FOR REAL RESERVE?
Finally, a report in Spain has chucked Spurs’ name in with a Real Madrid defender. Because why not? The Real star in question is Eder Militao. El Desmarque claims Mourinho has been on the phone to Florentino Perez with the aim of bringing the Portuguese centre-back to White Hart Lane, and Real may be interested in doing business. But Real apparently want £70million for a 22-year-old who has spent most of the season on the bench. The centre-back has made only nine starts across La Liga and the Champions League this term. Aye, Daniel Levy will definitely pay that… AND THE REST 
Juventus want to sign Harry Kane from Spurs this summer… Bayern Munich are keen on Willian, who looks set to leave Chelsea… The Blues will look to Porto left-back Alex Telles as an alternative to Ben Chilwell… Leeds will pay the buy-out clause to sign Lorient keeper Illan Meslier permanently… Aston Villa and West Brom are both eyeing Huddersfield striker Karlan Grant. The post Gossip: Spurs linked with Prem keeper and £70m defender appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho this afternoon opened up on the prospect of facing off against former club Chelsea this weekend. Spurs host Chelsea The capital giants are set to go head-to-head at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Sunday evening. The matchup comes as a crucial one in the race for… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" SPURS TARGET HORNETS STOPPER Having become the first keeper since seemingly the dawn of time to shut out Liverpool, Ben Foster finds himself a wanted man. The Sun says Tottenham have registered their interest in the 36-year-old, who is out of contract in the summer. Apparently, Jose Mourinho wants the… March 2, 2020 In "Sports" Tottenham appeal Son’s red Jose Mourinho welcomed one of his former clubs, Chelsea, to Tottenham on Sunday as the Lilywhites looked to regain a place in the Premier League top-four. Spurs started the day three points adrift of 4th place Chelsea. And a win would have taken the North London… December 23, 2019 In "Sports"