Prime Minister Boris Johnson has explained why the government has not yet banned sporting fixtures amid the coronavirus pandemic. Leagues across the world have suspended their competitions while authorities attempt to get to grips with covid-19. But the Premier League has so far taken little decisive action, with fixtures this weekend set to go ahead with supporters present. While addressing the nation and warning that families would “lose loved ones before their time” amid “the worst public health crisis for a generation,” Johnson said: “We are considering the question of banning major public events such as sporting fixtures. “And the scientific advice, as we’ve said over the last couple of weeks, is that banning such events will have little effect on the spread but there’s also the issue of the burden that such events can place on public services.” Chief Scientific Adviser Sir Patrick Vallance explained  that cancelling large sports events is “not a major way to tackle this epidemic”. He said: “On average, one person infects two or three others. “You therefore have a very low probability of infecting a large number of people in a stadium and a rather higher probability of infecting people very close to you. “And that means that most of the transmission actually tends to take place with friends and colleagues and those in close environments – and not in the big environments. “Though it is true that any cancellation of things can have some effect, if you then get a displacement activity where you end up with everyone congregating somewhere else, you may actually perversely have an increased risk, particularly in an indoor environment. “So it doesn’t mean you shouldn’t at some point make the decision from a resilience point but this is not a major way to tackle this epidemic.” The F365 Show has so far escaped the wrath of coronavirus. So we’ll be back every Thursday (probably) with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post PM ‘considering banning sporting fixtures’ – but not yet appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 