Mugeez  The music grind never stops, which means every week we’ll definitely see brand new songs released from every corner of Africa and that includes Ghana, and from some of our favorite artists as well as new cats looking to catch their big break. This past week saw one-half of R2Bees work his magic, couple of dancehall bops, a lovesick hip-hop joint, and more. Tunes are never in short supply. Here at NotJustOk, we bring you a few picks of the top songs that came out from Ghana this past week. Check them out below. Enjoy!  One-half of the superstar afrobeats duo R2Beez, Mugeez blessed us with this solo single titled “Chihuahua” this past week. The Zodiac production is a midtempo dancehall cut with striking synths and shrill electric guitars. Very solid tune from the raspy voiced vocalist.  Dancehall really thrived this past week, as controversial singer Shatta Wale also blessed us with a Jamaican rhythm titled “Scumbag”. Produced by Jamaican producer Ridwan, the singer waxes lyrical in Patois melodies, proudly claiming his status as a – just like the title suggests – scumbag.  On this one, the “Notin I Get” hitmaker blessed us with this joint titled “Long Life”. The afrobeats bop is a collaboration with Ghanaian rap superstar Kwesi Arthur, where the singer asks not just for long life, but all the blessings attached to it.  This one right here is my favorite release from last week. The young rapper and Sarkodie’s ex-protege dropped this lovely tune titled “Pilolo”, recruiting singer Kelvyn Boy into the mix. Strongman waxed lyrical about matters of the heart, while Kelvyn Boy came correct with a perfectly fitting hook. A bop!  This past week the “Proud Fvck Boys” hitmaker came through first release of the year, and it’s titled “Ghetto Boy”. Complete with visuals, the new single is a testament to the rapper’s roots, and he brings in Kelvyn Boy (another score for him, he’s on a roll) and rapper Medikal to finish the job. “Tule” as he calls himself, is definitely one to watch.  The post Top Ghana Songs of the Week: Mugeez – Fameye – Strongman appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 