A French journalist is claiming that Chelsea are edging towards an agreement to sign Gabriel Magalhaes from Lille in a €35million deal. According to Manu Lonjon, who writes for Eurosport, Chelsea have all but agreed terms for the 22-year-old defender after moving ahead of Arsenal and Everton in the race for his signature. Magalhaes was subject of interest from Arsenal back in January. Le10 Sport claim that Arsenal and Everton both made concrete offers for the Brazil Under-20 international, but they did not meet Lille’s valuation. FEATURE: Ranked: This season’s best Premier League signings The French club have since tied him down to a new contract until 2023, but it is suggested they may concede defeat in their efforts to keep him if an acceptable offer comes in the summer – with the Gunners ready to meet the apparent €35m price on Magalhaes‘ head. Everton are big admirers of the centre-back and, according to the Liverpool Echo “have scouted the Brazilian extensively, adding him to their shortlist of centre-half targets”. Everton though were thought to be waiting for clarity over the transfer window before pressing ahead with plans to try and sign the player. Now though Chelsea are close to completing their second signing of the next transfer window after already sealing a deal for Hakim Ziyech The Brazil-born defender has made 34 appearances this season for Lille, scoring once. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Chelsea closing in on €35m deal for second summer signing appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. UNITED BACK IN FOR COUTINHO Yesterday, it was Chelsea being linked with Philippe Coutinho. Today, Manchester United’s turn has come around once more… Coutinho is currently approaching the end of his year-long loan at Bayern Munich and Barcelona are starting to wonder what to do with him. The Brazilian flopped… March 20, 2020 In "Sports" Super Eagles forward Alex Iwobi has become Nigeria’s top record signing and costliest player following his dramatic £35m (€37.9m) shock transfer deadline day switch to Everton from Arsenal, Completesports.com reports. In a surprising move which only came to the fore during the week, Everton succeeded in prising away Iwobi from… August 9, 2019 In "Sports" In what seemed a surprise move, Everton confirmed the signing of Arsenal forward Alex Iwobi on a five-year deal, after the Nigeria international agreed personal terms with the club. Iwobi, who rose through the youth ranks at the Emirates and joined the first team squad in 2015, played 149 times… August 9, 2019 In "News"