Manchester United have been warned they must meet Federico Valverde’s release clause to lure him from Real Madrid. The 20-year-old midfielder has emerged as a target for the Red Devils as a potential replacement for Paul Pogba, who is wanted at the Bernabeu by Zinedine Zidane. Valverde is currently under contract until 2025, after signing a new deal at the end of last year, which contains a €500million (£453m) release clause. And, according to Diario Madridista, Real have no interest in selling the Uruguay international and have informed interested clubs including United that they will be demanding his release clause paid in full to secure his signature. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Man Utd told to smash world transfer record for Real Madrid star appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Wolverhampton Wanderers will have to beat some of the biggest clubs in the world to sign Ruben Dias from Benfica, according to reports in Portugal, According to Birminghammail.co.uk. Express & Star claimed on Friday night that Wolves were chasing the signature of the Portugal international, who is one of the… July 21, 2019 In "News" Man United ‘agree’ David De Gea record contract deal Neither Manchester United nor David De Gea have yet confirmed the news. However, in today’s Sunday Times, reporter Duncan Castles claims that Man United have finally agreed a new deal with De Gea. De Gea began the season in the final… September 15, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool have reportedly joined Real Madrid in a transfer battle for £74million-rated Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz. Ruiz is expected to leave Napoli this summer, with the his relationship with the Serie A giants becoming increasingly strained. Real Madrid are thought to be leading the race for the 23-year-old, while Barcelona… March 21, 2020 In "Sports"