Captain Jordan Henderson is fit for Liverpool‘s crucial Champions League last-16 second leg tie at home to Atletico Madrid. The England midfielder has been out since injuring a hamstring in the first leg three weeks ago but trained on Sunday and Monday and is available to take his place in the squad as the Reds seek to overcome a 1-0 deficit. “Hendo is ready but if we do that, I don’t know… or maybe I know and I don’t say!” said manager Jurgen Klopp. BIG MIDWEEK: Arteta derby, Liverpool, Ighalo, Mourinho, PSG There was less positive news on goalkeeper Alisson Becker, however, who will miss not only this game but Monday’s Merseyside derby at Everton with a hip injury which has already sidelined him for two matches. “Ali will not be ready for Monday,” added Klopp. On their chances of overturning Atletico’s lead on Wednesday, Klopp added: “It’s half time for us. We use that normally in a critical way. Second half we learn from situations and improve. “This time we had three weeks, not 15 mins. We want to use that time. It is much clearer than before. Couple of advantages they had are now there for us.” The post Klopp issues contrasting updates on Henderson and Alisson appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp expects a very different atmosphere at Anfield will help turn his side’s Champions League last 16 tie with Atletico Madrid around after a 1-0 first leg defeat in the Spanish capital on Tuesday. Saul Niguez’s early strike inflicted just Liverpool’s second defeat of the season in… February 19, 2020 In "News" Brazil and Liverpool FC goalkeeper, Alisson Becker Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Brazil goalkeeper Alisson Becker will miss Wednesday’s crucial Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid after suffering a hip injury. Alisson sustained the muscle problem in training this week and was sidelined for Liverpool’s FA Cup fifth-round defeat at… March 7, 2020 In "News" Jurgen Klopp has given his reaction to Liverpool‘s FA Cup exit following their 2-0 defeat away to Chelsea. After their chances of an unbeaten season came to an end at the weekend with a 3-0 defeat at Watford, they’ve now lost their shot at the treble after losing at Stamford… March 3, 2020 In "Sports"