Nuru Nigeria is a local NGO with affiliates in the US, Kenya and Ethiopia, and is starting up operations in Nigeria. The mission is to end extreme poverty in remote rural communities. Nuru’s first involvement in Nigeria was established in 2017 and began work in 2018 in Adamawa State, Nigeria with the creation of Nuru Nigeria. The long-term goal of Nuru Nigeria is the establishment of a locally led, self-sustainable, Nigerian NGO which will continue to work with local rural communities indefinitely. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Yola, with frequent visits to field site Adamawa, Nigeria
Category: Agric-business, Agriculture, Business and Administration, Development and Project Management
Career Level: Managerial Level 5+ years (Manager, Supervisor, Director)
Employment Type: Full time
Reports to: Nuru Nigeria Project Director Nuru Nigeria Offers Application Closing Date
23rd March, 2020. The post Agribusiness & Rural Development Manager at Nuru Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Nuru Nigeria is a local NGO with affiliates in the US, Kenya and Ethiopia, and is starting up operations in Nigeria. The mission is to end extreme poverty in remote rural communities. Nuru’s first involvement in Nigeria was established in 2017 and began work in 2018 in Adamawa State. The… November 7, 2019 In "Gists" Nuru Nigeria is a local NGO with affiliates in the US, Kenya and Ethiopia, and is starting up operations in Nigeria. The mission is to end extreme poverty in remote rural communities. Nuru’s first involvement in Nigeria was established in 2017 and began work in 2018 in Adamawa State, Nigeria with the creation… March 6, 2020 In "Gists" Nuru Nigeria is a local NGO with affiliates in the US, Kenya and Ethiopia, and is starting up operations in Nigeria. The mission is to end extreme poverty in remote rural communities. Nuru’s first involvement in Nigeria was established in 2017 and began work in 2018 in Adamawa State, Nigeria… November 19, 2019 In "Gists"