Paul Merson has compared Liverpool being awarded the Premier League title this season without playing another game to facing a mate at snooker. The English game, like most of Europe, has suspended all football until April 3 at the earliest due to the coronavirus outbreak, which has, at the time of writing, killed 53 people so far in the UK. Liverpool currently hold a 25-point lead over nearest challengers Manchester City and are just two wins away from being crowned champions of England for the first time in 30 years. However, Merson thinks it would feel wrong if Liverpool were given the Premier League title if they can’t finish the season. Merson wrote in his Sky Sports column: “It’s all well saying Liverpool are 25 points clear, but if I played snooker with my mate tomorrow, and I needed 25 snookers to win, and he said: ‘The game has finished, there’s no point playing on!’ – for the next week or two, I’d be saying: ‘But I could have won that!’ “You really feel for them, waiting 30 years for a title. If it was Manchester City 25 points clear, nobody would care! Because they’ve won it already. This team hasn’t won it for 30 years! This is like a film. “I really feel for them; even if you gave them the league now, mathematically it’s not won. I know they’ve won it in essence, we all know that, but it’s not the same! It’s a shame.”  The post Merson makes snooker comparison over Liverpool title claim appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Paul Merson dismissed Jamie O’Hara’s suggestion that Manchester City can still have a better season than Liverpool. Unless something astonishing happens in the last ten matches of the season, Liverpool will win the Premier League title despite their 3-0 loss to Watford on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp’s men have only dropped… March 3, 2020 In "Sports" Paul Merson admits he is shocked if Tottenham hired Jose Mourinho to “excite the fans and not win football matches”. Spurs have lost their last three matches in all competitions, including two Premier League games against Chelsea and Wolves, who are two of their rivals for Champions League qualification. Questions… March 3, 2020 In "Sports" Lagos –Â The curtain will fall on the 2018/2019 English Premier League today with all but the heavily contested winner position decided already. As is regular during season-end situations, clubs will be battling to either avoid relegation or entering into playoffs or even winning the league itself. But for who will… May 12, 2019 In "News"