Talks between Bayern Munich and Chelsea-linked goalkeeper Manuel Neuer about a new contract have stalled over the length of a proposed extension, according to reports. Neuer has been Bayern’s number one choice between the sticks for a number of seasons since his move from Schalke, with his latest contract – signed in April 2016 – set to expire in the summer of 2021. With just over a year remaining on Neuer’s current terms, the German champions have reportedly been in talks with the 34-year-old over another extension. However, according to Bild, Neuer wants another five-year contract taking him to the age of 39, while Bayern have only offered terms until 2023. The source claims that Neuer is being “tough” in the negotiations, refusing to budge on his demands because he feels that he can make up for lost time after a series of injuries over the past few seasons. There is, however, a “real problem” posed by a five-year extension in that Schalke goalkeeper Alexander Nubel, who will move to Bayern in the summer, has signed a contract of the same duration. It is said that Bayern are concerned that Neuer, who will want the guarantee of continued game time, could force Nubel to sit on the bench for the duration of his stay with the Bavarians. In any case, Bayern and Neuer are said to be “far apart” in negotiations and an agreement does not look like being reached soon. Chelsea have been linked with a move fo the 92-cap keeper. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Details emerge of contract dispute between Bayern and Neuer appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Alexander Nuebel Goalkeeper Alexander Nuebel has agreed to join Bayern Munich on a free transfer becoming the latest potential successor to Manuel Neuer, the club announced on Saturday. The 23-year-old, who has played 17 times for Germany’s under-21 team, had refused to extend his contract at Schalke and will join… January 4, 2020 In "News" Would an international boycott be allowed? Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has claimed he will stop sending players to the German national team if Manuel Neuer is dropped for Marc-André ter Stegen. Manuel Neuer has been the undisputed number one for the German national team for a number of years.… September 25, 2019 In "Sports" To appreciate the importance of bagging one of the world’s best goalkeepers, you need look no further than last summer’s transfer business in the Premier League, according to fourfourtwo.com. The world record fee for a shot-stopper was smashed not once but twice, firstly by Liverpool for Alisson and then by… August 15, 2019 In "News"