La Fayette Microfinance Bank Limited – As an international registered microfinance bank, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers a complete range of financial services and means of payment for its customers, including savings accounts, current accounts and fixed deposit accounts. Fully client oriented, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers great flexibility, independence and financial security to help clients stay committed to their short and long term financial goals. Formally incorporated as La Fayette Microfinance Bank, the bank started full operation in February 2013 and has built a strong client base, serving clients from eight branch networks in Ibadan– Bodija, Challenge, Dugbe, Gbagi and Iwo road, Ogbomosho, Oyo and Saki towns, all strategically situated within close proximity to customers. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Kwara Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Oyo Deadline: 9th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Oyo Deadline: 9th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Oyo Deadline: 9th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Lagos Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Ogun Deadline: 11th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Oyo Deadline: 11th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Fresh Job Recruitment at La Fayette Microfinance Bank Limited (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ La Fayette Microfinance Bank Limited – As an international registered microfinance bank, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers a complete range of financial services and means of payment for its customers, including savings accounts, current accounts and fixed deposit accounts. Fully client oriented, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers great flexibility, independence… November 29, 2019 In "Gists" La Fayette Microfinance Bank Limited – As an international registered microfinance bank, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers a complete range of financial services and means of payment for its customers, including savings accounts, current accounts and fixed deposit accounts. Fully client oriented, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers great flexibility, independence… February 20, 2020 In "Gists" La Fayette Microfinance Bank Limited – As an international registered microfinance bank, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers a complete range of financial services and means of payment for its customers, including savings accounts, current accounts and fixed deposit accounts. Fully client oriented, La Fayette Microfinance Bank offers great flexibility, independence… February 27, 2020 In "Gists"