Brazil legend Cafu thinks Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar is the most technically-gifted footballer in the world with even Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi struggling to match him. Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are widely regarded as the two best players of their generation but Cafu reckons Neymar – who loves displaying his skills – is the best player in the world in terms of technical ability. “Technically, Neymar is the best player in the world,” Cafu told FOX Sports. “Today, technically, nobody can beat Neymar. Not even Messi, although I am a fan of him. But he does not surpass him in terms of technical quality.” On the Brazil captaincy, Cafu added: “Today I don’t see any leader within the Brazilian team. “Today I don’t see anyone who says this to Neymar: ‘Oh, don’t do this’ or ‘Do this’. There is not! “They gave him that responsibility, and it’s not his profile. It’s not that he doesn’t want to, but because it’s not his profile. “Have you ever seen him catching Thiago Silva and Tite in a discussion and solving the situation? No, because it is not his profile.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post ‘Nobody can match Neymar technically, not even Messi’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Will Neymar return to Barcelona next summer? Barcelona star Lionel Messi has revealed that some people at the club do not want to see Neymar return after joining Paris Saint-Germain in 2017. Neymar controversially left the Camp Nou when PSG stumped up the €222million needed to trigger his huge buy-out… October 18, 2019 In "Sports" Former Super Eagles captain Austin Jay Jay Okocha has likened his trickery during his playing days to that of Brazil's Neymar, Completesportnigeria.com reports. Okocha, whose exceptional displays at the 1998 World Cup in France made Paris Saint-Germain splash $17m for his services, told FIFA.com that the new PSG No.10, who… August 7, 2017 In "Sports" Leo Messi talks to Sport It’s been a rough season for Leo Messi so far. That’s because the Argentine is yet to feature for Barcelona. Messi was injured during the summer, and he’s sidelined with a calf injury ever since. He’ll miss this weekend’s La Liga clash against Valencia. Against… September 12, 2019 In "Sports"