Three men on Friday appeared in a Yaba Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos for allegedly being in possession of human parts. The police charged Jimoh Quadri, 25, Yemi Sanusi, 50, and Musa Umar, 62 with two counts of conspiracy and unlawful possession of human part. They, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The Prosecution Counsel, ASP Thomas Nurudeen, told the court that the defendants committed the offence on Feb. 15, at Unity close, Iyana-Ipaja area of Lagos. He alleged that the defendants attempted to send a consignment which had two smaller nylons of human parts hidden inside it to Ilorin. He said that the part attendant requested to open the nylon, when the smaller nylons fell out. Nurudeen said that the attendant noticed that the human parts and the police was called to the scene. He further stated that the defendants later confessed to attempting to transport the human parts for their boss who was a herbalist. The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of sections 411 and 238 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 (Revised). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Section 238 stipulates a 14-year jail term for unlawful possession of human part, while 411 provides for two years’ imprisonment for conspiracy. Magistrate K.B. Ayeye admitted the defendants to bail in the sum of N250,000 each with two sureties in like sum. She adjourned the case until April 28, for mention. (NAN) VANGUARD The post 3 men docked for allegedly being in possession of human parts, others appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Tribune Online Police arraign 2 herbalists for allegedly being in possession of human flesh THE police on Friday arraigned two herbalists in an Iyaganku Magistrates’ court for allegedly being in possession of some human flesh. The police charged Ifatunji Alade and Ifaniyi Alabi, whose addresses were not provided, with conspiracy… July 5, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online 3 docked over possession of human heads Three men-Adekola Martin, 45; Abdullah Basiru, 23; and Jimoh Abubakar, 59, were arraigned on Thursday before an Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court in Ibadan over alleged unlawful possession of two human heads. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Martin and… July 18, 2019 In "News" The Zone 2 Police Command in Onikan, Lagos State, on Saturday, said it arrested a man (name withheld) for allegedly selling and being in possession of human parts. The command’s Spokesperson, SP Dolapo Badmus, confirmed the arrest to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. Badmus said the arrest was… July 15, 2017 In "News"