No fewer than 47 soldiers of operation Lafiya Dole, fighting insurgency in Nigeria’s Northeast have suffered been killed and several injured, while fighting off an attack by Boko Haram terrorists in Borno state. The troops were ambushed by the insurgents during it’s clearance and fighting patrol operation to Gorgi in the state, between 21st and 23rd March, 2020, which led to the death of tens of soldiers and terrorists as well. This was confirmed by John Enenche, Coordinator, Director of Defence Media Operation in Abuja on Tuesday. “As you know, we are in a fluid conflict situation and our gallant troops are out there at the frontlines. However during consolidation they were ambushed by elements of Boko Haram Terrorists (BHT). Sadly, we suffered some casualties in the unfortunate attack,” Enenche said. The Coordinator however informed that the Air Component of Operation Lafiya Dole scrambled immediately and provided Close Air Support to the ground troops. While the Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) platform as well as the fighter jets engaged the Boko Haram Terrorists immobilising killing some of the terrorists and immobilizing a gun truck. He added that some others who attempted to withdraw, were also mopped up by the jets in follow-on attacks. “The Defence Headquarters commiserate with the families of our fallen gallant heroes who paid the supreme price in the course of defending our fatherland. “We assure Nigerians that the Armed forces and other security agencies in furtherance of the objective of restoring peace and security in the North East and other parts of the country will continue to sustain the offensive against the enemies of our nation,” Enenche said. Meanwhile, troops of of Operation Whirl Stroke carried out cordon and search operation in Odogoke and Odejo communities in Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State to apprehend bandits following deadly clashes on 23 March 2020. During the operation, the bandits flee from the area abandoning their weapons, Benard Onyeuko, Director Defence Media Operations disclosed in a statement. Items recovered from the two settlements includes; one double barrel gun, nineteen locally made rifles, one pistol, four rounds of 7.62x54mm ammunition, three cartridges for pump action rifle among other  accoutrements. The Acting Director said normalcy have returned to the communities and general security in the area remains calm. Troops have dominated the general area with fighting patrols to ensure peace and stability in the area. The Defence Headquarters therefore called on the public in the general area to come up with credible information to enable the troops to be proactive. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Troops of operation Lafiya Dole, fighting insurgency in Nigeria’s Northeast have suffered some casualties while fighting off an attack by Boko Haram terrorists in Borno state. The troops were ambushed by the insurgents during its clearance and fighting patrol operation to Gorgi in the state, between 21st and 23rd March… March 24, 2020 In "News" The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a section of the media reported that ISIS had ambushed and killed 30 Nigerian troops on Friday in the region. The Nigerian Army on Tuesday dismissed as “falsehood”, alleged killing of 30 troops by ISIS in an ambush on troops engaged in the… October 10, 2017 In "News" soldiers …As troops kill 7 terrorists, 10 bandits, recover arms, ammunition in operations By Ndahi Marama Maiduguri—No fewer than five soldiers and three terrorists were feared dead in a fierce encounter yesterday, as a group of terrorists laid ambush on troops at Ngurosoye village situated along Bama-Banki- Pulka- Gwoza deadly… March 16, 2020 In "News"