Robbie Fowler has declared Liverpool as “arguably the best team to have won the Premier League”. Liverpool, it should probably be pointed out, have not actually claimed the title yet. The Reds hold a 25-point advantage over Manchester City with nine games remaining, and would need to capitulate from here not to lift their first league championship since 1990. But the suspension of the Premier League season until early April has put their hopes in jeopardy, with many calling for the campaign to be declared void. Fowler has scoffed at that suggestion, stating that his former club should be named champions for “the greatest ­season ever in top-flight English ­football history”. “I don’t think there’s a fan in the ­country who doesn’t recognise that ­Liverpool deserve to be champions, that they are effectively the Premier League winners already,” he told the Daily Mirror. “And I don’t think there are many – even the most bitter of rival fans – who would argue that, if the football season were to end now, they shouldn’t be given the trophy as clear winners of the competition. Yet winning the title in such circumstances would tarnish the triumph somehow. No doubt. “I played through a large part of those 30 years when Liverpool were desperately trying to bring another league trophy home, so I know how much it means. “Every year that went by, the ­pressure got greater, the talk louder, the fans more desperate. It means so much…just not life and death. “For anyone arguing that ­Liverpool SHOULDN’T be champions, if the season isn’t completed, then look at their record. They’ve dropped five points all season. FIVE. Hell, I once scored 16 goals in a game for a schoolboy team I played in – got more than 100 goals in total if I remember correctly – and yet I’m pretty sure we dropped more than five points that season. “They are the worthiest of champions. It’s the greatest ­season ever in top-flight English ­football history. They are record-breakers, and they are arguably the best team to have won the Premier League. And, yep, I’m saying they’ve won it. “They need two more wins to ­confirm it, but the reality is that, if City were to lose two more between now and the theoretical end of the season, the points Liverpool have now would be enough.” The post Liverpool hero: Give Reds title for greatest English season appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Jose Mourinho has this afternoon weighed in on what he feels the repercussions of a Liverpool win over Manchester City today would be in the race for the Premier League title. Liverpool vs Man City The English top-flight’s top-2 are set to go head-to-head at Anfield shortly. Champions City currently… November 10, 2019 In "Sports" Lagos –Â The curtain will fall on the 2018/2019 English Premier League today with all but the heavily contested winner position decided already. As is regular during season-end situations, clubs will be battling to either avoid relegation or entering into playoffs or even winning the league itself. But for who will… May 12, 2019 In "News" The Reds are having a great campaign this season and are strong contenders for the Uefa Champions League and the English Premier League titles. Liverpool sit second in the premier league, only one point adrift of their rival, Manchester city, who currently top the league. With eight games to be… March 14, 2019 In "News"