Pep Guardiola claims it makes “no sense” to play behind closed doors and would rather have games suspended. The likelihood of matches in Britain being played without fans is growing as the coronavirus crisis continues to worsen. With this already happening elsewhere in Europe, Manchester City boss Guardiola feels it is inevitable Premier League games will be similarly affected. Guardiola said: “We are conscious of it because it has happened already in Italy. The league is suspended and in Spain the next two weeks are behind closed doors. It is going to happen here. FEATURE: Seven big games to have been played behind closed doors… “The other issue you have to ask is, is it worse to play football without the spectators? We do our job for the people and if the people cannot come to watch us, there is no sense. “I would not love to play matches in the Premier League or Champions League or the cups without the people. “If without people I would prefer not to play, definitely. We are here for the people. Of course if it is for one or two games I could understand but if it is longer, there is no sense. “But when UEFA or the government say you have to play without spectators, then we are going to play without spectators.” Guardiola is unsure whether playmaker Kevin De Bruyne will be fit to feature in Wednesday’s rearranged Premier League game against Arsenal at the Etihad Stadium. The Belgium international has missed City’s last two games with a shoulder injury but is back in training. “Kevin (has been) training the last two days but I don’t know if he’ll be able to play tomorrow,” he said. The match will bring Guardiola up against his former number two Mikel Arteta, who left City in December to take over at the Gunners. Guardiola said: “I’m looking forward (to it) a lot. I said three or four years ago, when we started together, I was convinvced he would be a manager when the right opportunity came. “I would say he’s done incredibly well. His ideas are already implemented, already in the team and his positional game is getting better every day. “To do that in a short time is not easy. I’m pretty sure Arsenal will have success in a short time, in the future, with him on the bench.” The post Guardiola: It makes ‘no sense’ to play behind closed doors appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Gary Neville would rather the season be delayed than games played behind closed doors, should the coronavirus outbreak stop supporters from attending Premier League and EFL games. “I do NOT support matches played behind closed doors,” the former England and Manchester United defender said on Twitter. “If it’s necessary to… March 10, 2020 In "Sports" The football fixture list is beginning to see the effects of the coronavirus outbreak and the measures being taken to delay its spread. In Europe, Italy has been hardest hit, with some games initially going behind closed doors – Juventus against Inter Milan being one – before Serie A was… March 10, 2020 In "Sports" Everton’s chief financial officer believes the Premier League could be forced into playing matches behind closed doors ‘in the coming weeks’. The Premier League has written to its clubs urging them to draw up contingency plans while the authorities tale the threat of coronavirus. Serie A matches are to be… March 5, 2020 In "Sports"