Former Manchester United full-back Ashley Young says he wants to “stay and win” with Inter Milan after enjoying his time in Italy. Young moved to San Siro for £1.28 million earlier this month, bringing to an end his eight-and-a-half-year spell at Old Trafford. The former Watford man grabbed a goal and an assist in his first five Serie A appearances for Inter, who currently sit in third place behind leaders Juventus and second-placed Lazio. His current deal only keeps him at Inter until the end of June but Young is keen to extend his stay. When asked whether he wants to stay at Inter, Young told Corriere Della Sera: “Of course I do. I love Italy, Milan, the warmth of the fans. “I want to stay and win. I’m learning the language, the people are very passionate. When you talk, you actually scream.” On Antonio Conte selling Inter to him, Young added: “When Conte called me, I immediately felt his passion, he transmitted it to me. It was a good opportunity and I said: ‘I’m going there, I want to be part of something great.’ “He’s not sitting down for even moment, but seeing him like that is a boost for the players. He has a winning mentality, he is a born winner and a fighter.”  The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal.  The post Former Man Utd full-back Young wants to ‘stay and win’ at Inter appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Ashley Young has been offered a one-year extension to his current contract at Manchester United, according to reports. The 34-year-old has played over 250 times for the Red Devils after joining in 2011 from Aston Villa for a reported fee of £15million. Young has won five trophies at Old Trafford… January 10, 2020 In "News" Negotiations between the two clubs continue to rumble on and United are understood to want at least Â£62m. The 26-year-old seems to be angling for a move having seen his playing time reduced under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last season when Marcus Rashford was deployed as a central striker according to… June 13, 2019 In "News" Victor Moses has signed for Inter Milan on loan from Chelsea, the Serie A club announced on Thursday, reuniting the Nigeria international with former Blues coach Antonio Conte. In a statement, Inter said that Moses — who moved to Chelsea in 2012 and has spent long periods on loan since… January 23, 2020 In "News"