Vennit Technologies is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned serving both foreign and local businesses; constituted of smart and committed young professionals. The thrust of Vennit is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation, and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Oyo Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Oyo Deadline: 27th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Oyo Deadline: 27th March, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Internship & Exp. Jobs at Vennit Technologies (4 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Altara Credit Limited (“Altara”) is a Nigerian consumer and business services venture. Our core value proposition is to improve the quality of life for the average Nigerian by driving financial inclusion. Altara is built on serving the underbanked and the otherwise financially excluded. We are recruiting to fill the following… March 20, 2020 In "Gists" Vennit Technologies is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned serving both foreign and local businesses; constituted of smart and committed young professionals. The thrust of Vennit is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation, and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria.… March 24, 2020 In "Gists" Vennit Technologies is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned serving both foreign and local businesses; constituted of smart and committed young professionals. The thrust of Vennit is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation, and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria.… March 24, 2020 In "Gists"