Jurgen Klopp wasn’t happy with Bournemouth’s opening goal at Anfield but was delighted with the way his Liverpool team hit back from that setback at the end of a difficult week to complete a record-breaking 22nd home Premier League win in a row and another step towards the inevitable. Goals from Mo Salah and Sadio Mane turned things around before half-time and meant Callum Wilson’s controversial opening goal didn’t spoil the party for Liverpool. OPINION: F365’s early winners: Spluttering Liverpool – and Diego Simeone Victory was a relief for the Reds who, while they have the league firmly sewn up, had lost three of their previous four games in all competitions, including a Champions League last-16 first-leg defeat to Atletico Madrid and Tuesday’s FA Cup exit to Chelsea. So going behind early to Bournemouth certainly wasn’t in the plan for Liverpool, but Klopp felt the goal shouldn’t have stood. He told BT Sport: “The first goal was, from my point of view, 100 per cent a foul, nothing else. The ref doesn’t see it. “We wanted to fight back before the game so then we had to fight, really back and put them under pressure. We did a lot of good stuff, had really good situations, scored wonderful goals and played really good football. “We did better in the second half but the set-pieces were still there – and that’s always a big strength of Bournemouth – so we had to be 100 per cent concentrated, we were and we deserved the three points.” On the new top-flight record off 22 successive home wins at Anfield – which stood since Bill Shankly was in charge in 1972 – Klopp said: “We will never compare with that fella, so it’s great. “We didn’t think about the number before the game, but after the game, when you win the game you can think for a couple of minutes about it. It’s nice, it’s special. We have to fight hard. We are not geniuses but we have to fight until the end of the season.” For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Klopp grumbles at opener but thrilled with 22nd straight home win appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool ended the only bad week of their season by returning to winning ways while claiming for themselves another record. A victory over Bournemouth – yet another one – gave Jurgen Klopp’s men a 22nd successive home win, overtaking the previous best set by Bill Shankly’s Reds in 1972. But this… March 7, 2020 In "Sports" Jurgen Klopp concedes that Liverpool got a bit lucky in their Premier League clash with Fulham at Anfield on Sunday, with a controversial offside call going their way prior to Mohamed Salah’s opening goal in their 2-0 win.   The Reds appeared to have fallen behind at Anfield when Aleksandar… November 11, 2018 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Watford Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off saw Liverpool playing host to Watford. The Reds began the day with a commanding eight-point lead atop of the Premier League. That lead could have, temporarily at least, been extended to 11 points with a win over the Hornets. 2nd place Leicester… December 14, 2019 In "Sports"