Paul Merson claims Mesut Ozil represents a “huge problem” for Arsenal when it comes to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s future. Mikel Arteta considers keeping the Gunners’ striking talisman the top priority at the Emirates Stadium. The Gabon international’s future is set to run out in the summer of 2021, leading to consistent transfer speculation linking him with a move away. Merson admits it would be “a disaster” for Arsenal to lose the services of their current captain, claiming the lucrative deal Ozil is on complicating matters. Merson told Sky Sports: “It would be a major disaster for Arsenal if they lost Aubameyang, however, the decision will be weighed up and at least it will be the club’s decision as to what they do. “Do they give him £300,000-a-week? I’ve always said they will have a problem until Mesut Ozil leaves the club. Every day he’s there, every other top player will want what he’s on. It’s a huge problem and not a new one. “If they want to keep Aubameyang they will have to pay him big money, but Arsenal may look at it and think if we give him £300,000-a-week for the next two or three years, is he going to be the same player? He’s nearly 31 and by the time he’s 34 he’s not going to be the same player. I don’t care who you are, at 34 you are not the same player. OPINION: The five best tacticians of the Premier League season “Arsenal may also weigh it up asking if they will win the Premier League or get into the top four in the next few years if they pay Aubameyang £300,000-a-week. They haven’t actually done it yet with him there, so they may look at it and say it is good business to let him go. “There’s also the danger of giving him big money, just like they did with Ozil, and then every other player wanting the same. It would take you straight back to the Ozil scenario and if you do spend all that money on him and you don’t get into the top four it’s not money well spent. “It’s a really hard decision and it will all come down to how the club weigh it up.” The post Ozil is a ‘huge problem’ in Auba Arsenal contract negotiations appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Luiz a potential Arsenal captain? David Luiz made the rather surprising move from Chelsea to Arsenal over the summer. The North London outfit are believed to have paid in the region of £7.8m for Luiz’s services. Luiz would be on the bench in Arsenal’s opening league game of the season,… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal's German midfielder Mesut Ozil reacts during the UEFA Champions League round of sixteen football match between FC Bayern Munich and Arsenal in Munich, southern Germany, on February 15, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / Christof STACHEArsene Wenger believes Mesut Ozil's recent resurgence is down to the Arsenal playmaker's improved fitness… November 25, 2017 In "News" Mesut Ozil breaks silence to David Ornstein A huge scoop for the Athletic’s reporter David Ornstein on Thursday – an exclusive interview with Arsenal’s Mesut Ozil. Ozil has been silent this season amid ongoing issues with the Gunners. The club’s highest earner can’t get into Unai Emery’s team. Emery has… October 17, 2019 In "Sports"