The Premier League, FA, EFL and WSL have collectively agreed to ‘postpone the professional game in England until April 3 at the earliest’; the desperation to continue with something that is – at best – the most important of the unimportant things, has finally given way under the pressure of coronavirus, with players, managers and staff struck down. The potential return date has presumably been picked with the 14-day incubation time of the virus in mind, and to ease the pains of the anguished stakeholders of the game. But the suspension is, in effect, indefinite. Sifting through vastly different takes on when coronavirus will peak, ranging from a few weeks to many months, it’s very hard to tell when people will be able to return to a relatively normal state of being. The fluidity and ambiguity of what has been decided in this country so far makes that particularly difficult. The simple answer is – nobody knows. Here’s Nigel Pearson calling out Boris Johnson for his “lack of leadership” surrounding the #coronavirus crisis. pic.twitter.com/Mm6UAvoSpa — Jack (@Jack_Law1999) March 13, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js If they are able to restart the Premier League by May, they should be able to finish this campaign and have a properly structured 2020-21 season. That would mean delaying Euro 2020 by a year, but at this point that would be a very minor headache, compared to be what could be a paralysing migraine of footballing upheaval. Alternatively, the pre-tournament friendly slots could be used for the play-offs that are still to be completed, or it could go ahead without the play-off teams as a 20-team tournament. Which would be unfair, as a lot of these decisions will be, in one way or another. If they’re not back playing by May, the Premier League will have to decide whether to postpone the 2019-20 season until they are able to continue, void the campaign, or – as La Liga have said they will do – “find a formula for a points system”. If they delay the end of this season indefinitely, the complications are almost beyond comprehension. Player’s contracts expiring before the season ends, the transfer window, and most importantly the knock on effect on what would have to be a truncated following season, including the European club competitions and the delicately intertwined international fixtures. The FA and EFL Cups could be dropped to allow breathing space, and some sort of agreement across the European leagues and UEFA would have to be struck, to have a schedule that works for both domestic and European football. That winter break was nice while it lasted wasn’t it? What the governing bodies cannot afford to do, is allow next season to bleed into the summer after – what would be the new slot for the European Championships. So the end of this season would have to be packed into a very small period of time, to avoid hampering the next too much. How do you feel about three fixtures in five days now Jurgen? Well up for it, I should imagine. A points system to decide where a club finishes would bring nearly as much disrepute as saying ‘sorry Liverpool, better luck next time’. Teams may have been banking on what they consider to be an easier run-in to win enough points to avoid the drop, or secure Champions League qualification. A side can build momentum towards the end of the season, or experience burnout as they run themselves into the ground. And what about that famous luck ‘that evens itself out’ – that’s going to be bumpy as shit right now… Maybe we can borrow the “formula” from La Liga when they’ve come up with it. Can’t wait to see it…  Will Ford is on Twitter  The F365 Show has so far escaped the wrath of coronavirus. So we’ll be back every Thursday (probably) with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here.  The post The PL’s coronavirus options: Void, postpone or ‘formula’? appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 