Presidency has berated the authors of an audio message that indicates that President Muhammadu Buhari and the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari were secretly flown out of the country for treatment, describing it as false. The audio message which was widely circulated in the social media, indicated that the government had to secretly move them out of the country to an unknown destination for treatment But the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, in his reaction, simply aid” Why do some people imagine vain things and concoct lies and evil? Simple. Their minds are diseased and incapable of clean and edifying thoughts. President Buhari is on top of ensuring that Nigerians are kept safe from Covid-19. The good work continues.” The report tagged LEAKED Audio: Buhari, Abba Kyari, secretly flown out of Nigeria?’, was circulated by one, @jacksonpbn ‘ The President himself, also carried out series of messages on his twitter handle @MBuhari where he outlined series of actions the government is putting together in Nigeria to check the global Coronavirus pandemic But Adesina dismissed the audio message in his twitter handle reaction @FemAdesina “Why do some people imagine vain things and concoct lies and evil? Simple. Their minds are diseased, and incapable of clean and edifying thoughts. President Buhari is on top of ensuring that Nigerians are kept safe from Covid-19. The good work continues. In a similar reaction, the Persona Assitant to President Buhari on New Media, Bashir Ahmad , also stated that the audio message “ is fake”. His words, “FAKE NEWS ALERT: The voice note that [email protected] and Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari have been secretly flown out of the country is totally UNTRUE. It was intentionally recorded to cause chaos and fear. This fake news was originated and being circulated by one
@jacksonpbn”
@BashirAhmaad
FAKE NEWS ALERT: The voice note that President @MBuhari and Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari have been secretly flown out of the country is totally UNTRUE. It was intentionally recorded to cause chaos and fear. This fake news was originated and being circulated by one @jacksonpbn. Tony Ailemen, Abuja Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The Presidency has dismissed as fake news an online story that President Muhammadu Buhari‘s only son, Yusuf Buhari was flown out of the country early Thursday morning for further treatment. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba… December 28, 2017 In "News" The Presidency has dismissed as `fake news’ an online story that the President’s son, Yusuf Buhari was flown out of the country early Thursday morning following his severe head injury in a bike accident. Yusuf Buhari An online media outfit, TheCable, on Thursday reported that Yusuf had been flown to… December 28, 2017 In "News" By Johnbosco Agbakwuru – Abuja The Presidency is keeping sealed lips over the status of President Muhammadu Buhari and his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari on the Coronavirus test. Reports have it that the results of the Coronavirus tests carried out by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC,… March 24, 2020 In "News"