The American University of Nigeria was founded in response to the need for a world-class university in sub-Saharan Africa. The University’s mission is to provide quality education to Nigeria and Africa’s future leaders in order to equip them with the skills needed to solve development issues on the continent, and give them the knowledge needed to create solutions that will benefit their community, their country and, ultimately, the world. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Yola, Adamawa
Department: Student Affairs Other Requirements, Abilities for the Position: Other Requirements, Abilities for the Position: Description of Benefits
Salary and benefits are commensurate with experience and job classification as approved by the University. Application Closing Date
19th March, 2020. The post Counseling Psychologist at American University of Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The American University of Nigeria was founded in response to the need for a world-class university in sub-Saharan Africa. The University’s mission is to provide quality education to Nigeria and Africa’s future leaders in order to equip them with the skills needed to solve development issues on the continent, and… October 28, 2019 In "Gists" The American University of Nigeria was founded in response to the need for a world-class university in sub-Saharan Africa. The University's mission is to provide quality education to Nigeria and Africa's future leaders in order to equip them with the skills needed to solve development issues on the continent, and… August 15, 2017 In "Jobs" The American University of Nigeria was founded in response to the need for a world-class university in sub-Saharan Africa. The University’s mission is to provide quality education to Nigeria and Africa’s future leaders in order to equip them with the skills needed to solve development issues on the continent, and… July 24, 2019 In "Jobs"