Jurgen Klopp says the fact Watford are battling relegation was “the biggest surprise” from Liverpool’s defeat on Saturday. The Hornet sprung a surprise at Vicarage Road by inflicting upon Liverpool their first Premier League defeat in 44 games with a deserved 3-0 win. Liverpool were below-par in defeat, with Ismaila Sarr exposing the disaster that is Dejan Lovren (and the bang average Trent Alexander-Arnold). Klopp spoke after the game and seemed at a loss to explain the standard of his team’s performance. Asked whether fatigue played a part, Klopp insisted: “No, no, nothing with tiredness. All teams have the same. It is normal in football. “Shape is not something that you can take for granted, form is not something you can take for granted. My team, why do we have the amount of points [we have]? Because we fought against each little feeling in the body, when the concentration level looked like it would drop, we fought against that, against fortune, against everything and that’s why we have the amount of points. “Other teams do the same but in this season couldn’t get the same amount of points; that’s because it’s so difficult. It’s not easy to explain why tonight it didn’t happen for us, but it should not be now the biggest sensation in world football that it happened. “We play only against teams who fight with all they have for their own targets, now Watford was really the first team who could really use that. If you ask me what was the biggest surprise, the performance or the result, the biggest surprise for me is that Watford fights for staying in the league, that’s incredible with the quality they have and stuff like this – not that I want to put pressure now on them. “But the other teams as well: West Ham when we played there, we were clearly better but then the home game, wow, they had new players in or whatever and it looks different because now is the moment when everyone is fighting like crazy. “We fight already for the whole season like crazy and tonight we lost that battle. What can I say now, that it’s not acceptable or whatever? We don’t think it’s not so important because we won so many games but we don’t think as well that it’s the biggest catastrophe in the world of football. “We feel the defeat really, it’s absolutely exactly the opposite of what we wanted to have. We have to feel that and now we have the chance to show a reaction again and that’s what we will do.”  For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Klopp names ‘the biggest surprise’ from Liverpool’s defeat appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365