Aston Villa are donating food that had been prepared for Saturday’s Premier League clash with Chelsea to homeless charities. The club made the announcement after all Premier League matches were called off until April 4 because of the coronavirus outbreak. Villa said 850 staff packed lunches and hot food would be given away and asked for organisations who wished to receive the food to contact the club. An update from the Aston Villa Foundation later read: “We are pleased to say that all of the food has now been allocated to a number of homeless charities and housing shelters. Thank you Twitter for ensuring this food doesn’t go to waste and it is going to those who will really benefit.” Villa have had two matches postponed, with the trip to Newcastle that had been scheduled for March 21 also called off. For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Aston Villa donate food to homeless charity after postponement appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Thierry Henry recently quit his job as a pundit at Sky Sports to focus on his coaching career. Premier League legend Thierry Henry has agreed to become Aston Villa manager according to several reports from England. With new owners Billionaire duo Nassef Sawiris and Wes Edens at Villa, there have… July 24, 2018 In "News" Fulham vs Aston Villa Aston Villa are set to get their 2019/20 FA Cup campaign underway on Saturday the 4th of January. Villa will travel to Fulham for their FA Cup 3rd round tie. Despite being in separate leagues, the two outfits have fairly recent history. It would be Fulham… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Villa eyeing Rodriguez Aston Villa’s 2020 got off to a rather negative start. The relegation-battling outfit would pick up a win over Burnley on January 1st. But in said game, Villa were dealt two huge blows. Both Wesley and Tom Heaton picked up injuries during the clash vs the Clarets.… January 8, 2020 In "Sports"