Boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer insists Manchester United must compete on three fronts after their FA Cup win at Derby. Luke Shaw’s opener and a brace from Odion Ighalo earned a 3-0 victory over the Rams to set up a quarter-final tie at Norwich later this month. It was a disappointing night for Derby player-coach Wayne Rooney, United’s record goalscorer, who was twice denied by Sergio Romero in his reunion against them on Thursday. But United extended their unbeaten run in all competitions to nine games ahead of Sunday’s derby visit of Manchester City and remain in the hunt for the FA Cup, Europa League and a top-four finish in the Premier League. Solskjaer said: “Today was the highest priority because we’re not going to pick and choose games or competitions. We have to go for everything, that’s what it is to be at Manchester United. “It’s another away draw, we’re use to that now. Is it a seventh in a row? We’ll have to do it the hard way if want to go all the way. We’ve got a chance now. “I’m very pleased with the performance and to go through. You never know, away from home, being the favourites and having City on Sunday how it’ll affect their mindset, but it was professional. “We’ve found form and defended well, we’ve had seven clean sheets in those nine games.” United are chasing a record-equalling 13th FA Cup triumph but survived two early scares when Louie Sibley shot wide and Romero saved Rooney’s free-kick. But the visitors took control at Pride Park after 33 minutes when Shaw scored just his second career goal, his volley bouncing over Kelle Roos. Ighalo made it 2-0 seven minutes later when he held off Craig Forsyth and found the corner. Martyn Waghorn went close for Derby after the break but Ighalo ended the contest when he fired home to complete his double with 20 minutes left. Solskjaer repeated a line he used last week to describe his new striker: “He’s doing what he says on the tin and what we asked for when we signed him. I’m very happy with him. That type of striker is vital for a team. “There’s more to come. He’ll improve and get sharper and more used to us. I’ve got no doubt he’ll only get better.” For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Solskjaer likens Ighalo to Ronseal again, sets Man Utd challenge appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Man United vs Man City The 2019/20 League Cup semi-finals are set to get underway this week. The first LC game of the week pits two bitter rivals against each other with Manchester United playing host to Manchester City. Check out 101’s betting tips for the tie here. The Manchester… January 6, 2020 In "Sports" Man City vs Man United Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off sees Manchester United travel to Manchester City for the first Manchester derby of the season. The two sides head into the tie a fair way away from each other in the league table. City began Saturday sat 3rd in the… December 7, 2019 In "Sports" Ole Gunnar Solskjaer admits Manchester United could suffer financially if they do not qualify for next season’s Champions League. United missed out on this term’s Champions League, instead progressing into the Europa League, with the Red Devils hosting Club Brugge at Old Trafford in the second leg of their last-32 tie on Thursday. Following… February 27, 2020 In "Sports"