Despite the lull in the Nigerian oil and gas industry and the challenges it is facing some world-renowned companies still find the industry attractive and so decided to form joint venture (JV) partnership with some local companies. The two companies are not new to each other as they have cooperated in projects like Total’s Ofon in 2007 and Usan FPSO before, so it has been a long relationship. According to the chief executive officer of Doris Group, Christophe Debouvry who spoke with BusinessDay, the partnership will expose Nigerian engineers to technologies they are not exposed to yet, noting that the essence of local content is domiciliation and domestication of service activities in Nigeria and IESL-Doris joint venture has come to consolidate this. “To us it is very important because we are contented working with local partners anywhere we go; we are used to local content. The beauty is that the two companies have known each other for a long time,” he said. The Doris Group boss said his company is an engineering company that specialises essentially in offshore engineering and has been around for the past 55 years doing this. The company which is headquartered in Paris has engineering offices all around the world. Also commenting on the joint venture, Diran Fawibe, the chairman and chief executive of IESL said the two companies are not new to each other as they have been working together for about 15 years on a case by case basis. “It has been so good for the two companies to go one step further; this was why the joint venture was signed in 2019,” he said. Doris Group he said, will domicile some of its staff in Nigeria saying even now some are already in IESL. They would bring the expertise of Doris to support Nigeria. He stated that as the country is moving into deep water projects there would be a number of challenges when it comes to engineering design and asset management so, with the coming of the group, its expertise would rob off on Nigerians working in IESL.  “Doris is very committed to supporting local content and Nigerians. It is a long time relationship which is expected to bring a lot of values to Nigeria, especially now that there lack of depth in engineering design in Nigeria. The Doris group he said would help in the process of digital transformation of the processes in IESL. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. China’s on-demand ride-hailing firm, Didi Chuxing (DiDi) has partnered with UAE-based Symphony Investment in a bid to launch a joint venture (JV) across the MENA region. The partnership will see the two companies explore the MENA regions sharing economy and internet-based consumer services.   This partnership was announced by Abu Dhabi’s… July 24, 2019 In "Tech" He just makes doing business in China, the world's largest auto market, more difficult for US automakers. Trump&apos;s budding trade war with China will undermine the connection between the two country&apos;s intertwined auto industries. By the numbers, an imbalance on imports duties is meaningless because so few China-made vehicles come… March 23, 2018 In "News" Local content development was the major the focus of the recently concluded Nigeria International Petroleum Summit ( NIPS) and the Nigeria Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB) was very active in all the engagements. To demonstrate the level of support the local content development has garnered from the federal government,… February 27, 2020 In "News"