Manchester United are reportedly ready to offload Jesse Lingard in the summer, having lost the confidence of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The 27-year-old has been in woeful form for United this season, and has fallen further down the pecking order following the arrival of Bruno Fernandes in January. The £47million signing has been a breath of fresh air at Old Trafford, and has shown exactly what the Red Devils have been missing. OPINION: No, Lingard and Dier should not bloody ‘grow a pair’… And Solskjaer is said to have been underwhelmed by Lingard’s performances and commitment in training, and has made the decision to move him on, according to Goal. Mino Raiola has been recruited as Lingard’s new agent, further sparking speculation the England international could be on his way out in the summer. His contract runs out in 2021 and there has been no indication that a renewed terms are in the offing. And United are planning on bringing in at least one of Jadon Sancho, Jack Grealish and James Maddison in the summer as they anticipate the exit of Paul Pogba to Real Madrid or Juventus. The post Man Utd ‘ready to sell Lingard’ as Solskjaer targets English trio appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Numerous reports across the English media today have confirmed Jesse Lingard’s decision to hire notorious agent Mino Raiola as his new representative. Lingard disappointing Manchester United star Lingard’s struggles over the last 12 months have been widely-documented in the media and beyond. The English international has continued to play a… January 6, 2020 In "Sports" Big blow for Manchester United Manchester United duo Paul Pogba and David de Gea have been ruled out of the Premier League clash with Liverpool this weekend. It’s been a less than ideal season for Manchester United so far. The Red Devils have started the season poorly despite beginning the… October 16, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has explained why Jesse Lingard and Andreas Pereira were left out of the squad to face Watford on Sunday afternoon. Lingard and Pereira have both had their critics this season but the duo started against Brugge in midweek and it came as a shock… February 23, 2020 In "Sports"