Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford has been given the green light to step up his rehabilitation following positive scans on a back injury. The 22-year-old saw an impressive season brought to an abrupt halt in mid-January, leaving him facing a fight to return for England’s Euro 2020 campaign never mind club matters. But with that tournament pushed back and the Premier League campaign suspended due to the coronavirus, Rashford has been quietly making headway in his recovery. A statement from United read: “The club can confirm that Marcus Rashford has been cleared to step up his rehabilitation programme following encouraging signs on his latest scans. “His progress will continue to be monitored by the club’s medical team throughout the current lockdown period.” Rashford has scored 19 goals in 31 appearances in all competitions for the club this season, with the United star working with medical staff at the Aon Training Complex before Covid-19 measures saw him focus on recovery work at home. “I feel much better,” the attacker told Sky Sports News over the weekend. “I have a scan in another couple of days so it’ll solidify it then but I feel, comparing it to two or three weeks ago, 10 times better and for me now it’s just about getting ready to build it back up to training and playing games with the team. “I’m in a much better place, I’m much happier than I was about a month ago so things are looking positive.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Rashford boosted by green light to step up training appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Marcus Rashford  Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford says his recovery from the back injury that has sidelined him since January has not been affected by the coronavirus crisis. Rashford sustained a double stress fracture in an FA Cup tie against Wolves that initially looked set to rule him out of… March 28, 2020 In "News" Marcus Rashford has revealed he is in a “much better place” in recovery from the back injury that has sidelined him since January. Before the coronavirus outbreak saw the season halted there were fears at Manchester United and England that the double stress fracture suffered by the forward would rule… March 28, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool 2-Man United 0 Manchester United travelled to Liverpool on Sunday afternoon. The majority of the tie saw Liverpool dominate proceedings, which isn’t too surprising given they were undefeated in the Premier League before kick-off on Sunday. Virgil van Dijk would open the scoring for the Merseyside powerhouse vs United… January 19, 2020 In "Sports"