Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville are teaming up for a special Monday Night Football episode highlighting some classic matches. With coronavirus forcing the suspension of football until April 30 at the earliest, football fans are without their fix of Premier League action. And with uncertainty over when the season will conclude, Sky Sports will showcase some classic fixtures from recent history, starting on Monday. Liverpool fans are eagerly awaiting the resumption of the season, with a first Premier League title within sight, but may not be so keen to tune in to MNF Retro. The Reds’ dramatic 4-3 defeat to Leeds in November 2000 will feature, where Liverpool led 2-0 before Mark Viduka’s four-goal haul. Carragher and Neville will analyse the game before turning their attention to Manchester United’s 6-1 thrashing of Arsenal in 2001. MNF Retro starts at 7pm on Sky Sports football, with an hour dedicated to each classic match. The post Carra and Neville to analyse Liverpool, Man Utd games in MNF Retro appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Trent Alexander-Arnold has been likened to Kevin de Bruyne playing at right-back as Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville lauded the Liverpool defender. The England international grabbed another two assists on Monday night as Liverpool came from 2-1 down to beat West Ham 3-2 and maintain their unbeaten record in the… February 25, 2020 In "Sports" Jamie Carragher is worried that Liverpool could have a “twinge” of disappointment if they fail to win a cup as well as the Premier League title this season. Despite their 3-0 defeat to Watford over the weekend, Liverpool are cruising to their first league title in 30 years with a… March 2, 2020 In "Sports" Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville says Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino is a player “any manager in the world would love to have”. Firmino scored the only goal of the game as Liverpool beat Tottenham 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday to extend their lead to 16 points at… January 12, 2020 In "News"