Rio Ferdinand thinks Juan Sebastian Veron could have succeeded at Manchester United if it wasn’t for the presence of Roy Keane. The former Argentina international arrived at Old Trafford from Lazio in 2001 for a £28.1million fee. However, his time at Man Utd only lasted two years and 51 Premier League appearances before an even less fruitful spell at Chelsea. FEATURE: Bringing you the Over-Expectation league table… When asked to choose between Veron and Real Madrid legend Guti, Ferdinand told a Q&A on Instagram: “Oh what a good question. Veron or Guti… For the older listeners, older viewers out here, Veron, Sebastian Veron, scored one of the best goals I’ve ever seen in training. “The little rabona thing, bang from the halfway line, the whole training session shut down, stopped. ‘Did you just see that, what Juan Sebastian’s just done there?’ “He was an unbelievable player, great passer. The only thing I think that killed him was Roy Keane was probably a bit more of a dominant personality and was picking the ball up in his positions. “You have to remember Veron came from Lazio, Parma where he was the main man, the whole game went through him. He came to United, that’s what Roy Keane did. “Keane came and got it off the defenders, passed it through to the midfielders and attackers, and got in positions and was very vocal, like ‘Yeah, give me the ball! Give me the ball!’ “And out of respect probably Seba just said, ‘I’ll let Roy keep doing that’. But Seba was an amazing talent. I honestly think without Roy Keane there he might have flourished in a Man United shirt. “I think Roy Keane was his problem. And it wasn’t Roy Keane’s fault, it’s just that his personality was bigger and more overpowering.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Rio names ‘problem’ that stopped Veron succeeding at Man Utd appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer praised star man Bruno Fernandes as Manchester United’s January signing put in another man-of-the-match display as Watford were overcome. Summer interest in the 25-year-old turned into an active pursuit last month, with protracted negotiations with Sporting Lisbon finally bearing fruit towards the end of the transfer window.… February 24, 2020 In "Sports" Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes Wednesday hailed the strength and depth of talent in the current United side coached by Jose Mourinho. United are gearing up for their Wednesday’s UEFA Champions League game against CSKA Moscow. Scholes, a United great, who is in Dubai for the the… September 27, 2017 In "Sports" Roy Keane claimed his former club should “go after Leicester” in the Premier League table as he explained what a successful season would look like for Manchester United. United have struggled at times during the 2019/20 campaign but a recent surge has seen the club jump to fifth in the… March 1, 2020 In "Sports"