Manchester United are set to pay a £22.5million penalty if they fail to qualify for the Champions League for the second year in a row – which could be a problem should the season be voided due to coronavirus. United face a 30 our cent pay cut as part of their world record £750million sponsorship deal with Adidas, should they go back-to-back seasons outside Europe’s showcase competition, reports the Evening Standard. But given the exceptional circumstances due to coronavirus, such a clause may not be enforced. OPINION: The PL’s coronavirus options: Void, postpone or ‘formula’? Premier League football has been suspended until April 3, with the intention to fulfil the remaining fixtures once the season is resumed, but it remains uncertain when football will return. Measures such as ending the season early or voiding it completely may have to be considered, hampering the Red Devil’s hopes of a return to the Champions League. In a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission, United stated: “Revenue is currently being recognised based on management’s estimate as at 31 December 2019 that the full minimum guarantee amount is the most likely amount that will be received, as management does not expect two consecutive seasons of non-participation in the Champions League.” The post Man Utd could face Adidas penalty after PL coronavirus suspension appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Former Manchester United star Darren Fletcher is adamant the Premier League season must be completed when the spread of coronavirus is under control. The season has been preliminary suspended until April 3, but is expected to be extended into the summer, with Britain yet to experience the peak of the… March 15, 2020 In "Sports" In the absence of any football to watch, you might as well send us your mails: theeditor@football365.com… Coronavirus, football and the government I am writing this to the mailbox because, given my job, I have been advised that airing this on social media etc. could cost me my job or,… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" Gary Neville would rather the season be delayed than games played behind closed doors, should the coronavirus outbreak stop supporters from attending Premier League and EFL games. “I do NOT support matches played behind closed doors,” the former England and Manchester United defender said on Twitter. “If it’s necessary to… March 10, 2020 In "Sports"