Former Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Petit has praised Bruno Fernandes for impacting Manchester United’s performances in a way that Paul Pogba was “meant to be doing”. Summer interest turned into a prolonged January pursuit for the 25-year-old, with the Old Trafford giants finally getting their man towards the end of the window in a deal worth an initial 55 million euros (£46.6million). After an inconsistent first half of the season, Man Utd are unbeaten in the nine games Fernandes has featured in since his move from Sporting Lisbon. FEATURE: Ranked: This season’s best Premier League signings Pogba, meanwhile, has missed most of the season through injury and Petit has congratulated Fernandes for succeeding where the Frenchman failed. “Fernandes has made a huge impact,” Petit told the Daily Mirror. “In the space of two months, he is the best buy in the winter market. He has made such a big impact. It’s like he’s been at the club for six years. “He’s changed the mentality inside the dressing room. It’s hard for a player to come in mid-season and do that. “Paul Pogba was meant to be doing this at Manchester United. It’s what he should have done in terms of leadership on the pitch. “But I’m looking forward to seeing them together on the pitch, I want to see if that can work, and I’m pretty sure it can work.” The post Petit: Fernandes is doing what Pogba was meant to do at Man Utd appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Paul Pogba can’t wait to link up with Bruno Fernandes in the heart of Manchester United’s midfield, according to reports. All the noise recently has indicated that Pogba was ready to leave Man Utd in the summer with reported interest from the likes of Juventus and Real Madrid. His agent… March 2, 2020 In "Sports" The Red Devils and Tottenham are chasing the Sporting Lisbon midfielder. Reports this week claimed Spurs had edged ahead of Manchester United in the race for the Portugal international. Tottenham have held talks with Sporting, with Mauricio Pochettino reportedly giving a move for Fernandes the green light. However, transfer expert and Gazzetta… August 3, 2019 In "News" Neil Custis is fascinated by the fact Bruno Fernandes has an ‘O’ in his name. The boy is already a legend, by the way…   O negative Mediawatch is not sure what it finds more amusing about the following double-page spread in The Sun‘s Goals pullout. Here is a double-page spread… February 24, 2020 In "Sports"