Arsenal and Liverpool target Dayot Upamecano has threatened to submit a transfer request to RB Leipzig if his £55million release clause is not met this summer, according to reports in Germany. The 21-year-old has become one of Europe’s most sought-after defenders after a stunning season in the Bundesliga and the Gunners reportedly had a bid turned down last summer. According to German news outlet Sportbild, Upamecano is desperate to take the step to the next level and is prepared to force through a move if his release clause – which decreases each season – is not met. Arsenal have been heavily linked with a move alongside Liverpool, Tottenham, Bayern Munich and Barcelona. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta took steps to improve his side’s leaky defence during his first transfer window in charge, bringing in Pablo Mari and Cedric Soares on loan, while William Saliba will arrive this summer after spending 2019/20 back on loan at St. Etienne. The post Liverpool and Arsenal target ‘threatens transfer request’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Arsenal are hoping to wrap up a swift move for Dani Ceballos having finally sealed a deal to land William Saliba from Saint-Etienne, according to Goal.com reports. Although the £27 million ($34m) transfer has yet to be announced, the Gunners have seen off competition from north London rivals Spurs to… July 20, 2019 In "News" We wonder how much room Jurgen Klopp has on his top targets list as Liverpool eye up a Serie A midfielder. NAPOLI MAN TOPS KLOPP’S WANTED LIST Jurgen Klopp wants to beat Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona to the signing of Napoli midfielder Fabian Ruiz, according to the Daily Express.… March 22, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal have had a loan offer turned down by Juventus for centre-back Daniele Rugani, according to Goal.com reports. The Gunners are looking to revamp their backline before next Thursday’s transfer deadline in England, with a central defender and a left-back the key targets. Celtic’s Kieran Tierney remains the priority when… August 2, 2019 In "News"