The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is a regional group of fifteen West African countries. Founded on 28 May 1975, with the signing of the Treaty of Lagos, its mission is to promote economic integration across the region. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Abuja
Grade: P5
Status: Permanent
Institution: ECOWAS Commission
Departement: Education, Science and Culture
Directorate: Education, Science and Culture
Division: Education and Training
Line Supervisor: Director,  Education, Science and Culture Supervising: Manage, Coordinate, Facilitate, and Promote implementation of ECOWAS Education priority projects relating to: Age Limit: ECOWAS Key Competencies: Annual Salary
UA66, 123.98, USD104, 330.42 Application Closing Date
24th May, 2020. The post Principal Programme Officer (PPO), Education And Training at the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is a regional group of fifteen West African countries. Founded on 28 May 1975, with the signing of the Treaty of Lagos, its mission is to promote economic integration across the region. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title:… December 18, 2019 In "Gists" The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is a regional group of fifteen West African countries. Founded on 28 May 1975, with the signing of the Treaty of Lagos, its mission is to promote economic integration across the region. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Director, Private Sector… March 2, 2020 In "Gists" The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is a regional group of fifteen West African countries. Founded on 28 May 1975, with the signing of the Treaty of Lagos, its mission is to promote economic integration across the region. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title:… March 25, 2020 In "Gists"