Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, on Thursday, dismissed reports that the state government intends to dethrone some traditional rulers in the state. A letter, purportedly written by the Permanent Secretary, Bureau of Chieftaincy Affairs and dated March 11, had directed the 16  Pelupelu obas to explain their absence in government activities and meeting of the Council of Traditional Rulers in the state. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, the governor said the reports, which are products of the bloggers’ hastiness, grossly misrepresent the development. The statement reads: “The Bureau briefed the governor on the prolonged absence of some members of the state’s Traditional Council to meetings and traditional council meetings at the local government level. “Mr. Governor directed that the Bureau should write the affected traditional rulers to find out reasons for their absence. “The Attorney-General wrote to the Bureau on Mr. Governor’s directives. Consequently, the Bureau (through a senior official) wrote to the affected traditional rulers seeking reasons for their prolonged absence at council meetings. The formal nature of the letter is what is being misconstrued to be a query. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Sanusi sues IGP, DSS DG, AGF over illegal confinement “Contrary to insinuations, this is merely an administrative matter, which is neither contentious nor confrontational. It is not a ploy or plan to remove any oba from the office. “As public officers, our traditional rulers act as the direct link between government and their domains; they have expected duties and functions, and as an administrative head, Mr. Governor should be aware of reasons such duties are not being carried out. “It is on record that some of the obas had earlier written Mr. Governor to give legitimate reasons for their absence which have been accepted. The letter in focus was written to only about 11 Obas whose absence could not be explained and not to the 16 Pelupelu as erroneously reported. “In Ekiti State, our traditional rulers are well respected and revered as custodians of our culture and traditions. The Fayemi administration is committed to the welfare and protection of the cultural heritage of our people which the Kabiyesis hold in trust. “Any rumour claiming that Governor Fayemi is planning to dethrone any Oba in Ekiti State is a deliberate and malicious misrepresentation of the true situation. It is an attempt from opposition to create chaos and confusion between the Ekiti State Government and the good and law-abiding people of Ekiti State. “The governor holds all our traditional rulers in high esteem and reverence as expected of an Omoluabi. No arm of government discussed nor considered dethroning any Kabiyesi at any time because there is no basis for such. “Anyone spreading such malicious and unfounded rumours is an enemy of the good people of Ekiti State and they are hereby advised to desist from creating unnecessary tension in the polity.” Vanguard The post No plans to dethrone Ekiti monarchs—Fayemi appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has tasked traditional rulers and community leaders in the State to collaborate with security agencies to ensure adequate security of lives and property in their domain. The governor gave the charge during a security stakeholders meeting with traditional rulers and heads of all security… June 2, 2019 In "News" Governor Kayode Fayemi …As Fayemi inaugurates new Council Chairmen, Commissioners By Rotimi Ojomoyela  Ado-Ekiti-Ekiti State Government on Thursday approved the promotion of sixteen traditional rulers while five new communities were granted autonomous status. The decision followed the consideration of the White Paper on the Justice J.K.B. Aladejana Chieftaincy Review Commission… December 26, 2019 In "News" ADO-EKITI – Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, on Thursday, inaugurated the newly constituted State Council of Traditional Rulers under the chairmanship of Alawe of Ilawe, HRM Oba Adebanji Alabi, with a call on the monarchs to support the present administration’s efforts at bringing development to every part of the state.… August 16, 2019 In "News"