Former Real Madrid winger Steve McManaman has warned Paul Pogba that he has not played enough for Manchester United for other big clubs to make a move for him. Pogba is keen to leave Old Trafford this summer after two years of trying to get away from the club which re-signed him from Juventus for £89million in 2016. But the France midfielder has spent much of this season on the sidelines having not started for United since September. Reports suggest United would be willing to accept £100million when they wanted £180million last summer, but McManaman doesn’t feel like Pogba has earned a big move this term. The ex-Real star told HorseRacing.net: “He hasn’t played enough football this season for sides like Madrid to be genuinely interested in him. “If he stays, plays and gets back to full fitness at Manchester United, I certainly think that he will get back into the starting XI very easily. “Nemanja Matic is a year older, Juan Mata is a year older and Paul is definitely good enough to play in those positions alongside Bruno Fernandes, so I don’t think there’s any problem there. “He’s certainly got the quality to play in the Manchester United midfield as long as he’s fit and healthy, but we’ve been waiting to hear from Paul Pogba all year regarding his future. “Pogba has yet to say whether he wants to stay or whether he wants to leave.” The F365 Show has so far escaped the wrath of coronavirus. So we’ll be back every Thursday (probably) with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Pogba ‘hasn’t played enough’ to be wanted by Real – McManaman appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Paul Pogba has been slammed as a “bad fit” for Manchester United who only made the move to Old Trafford to make more money. Former United defender Paul Parker has launched a scathing verbal attack on the Frenchman, who looks set to leave the club this summer. Pogba has played just eight… February 27, 2020 In "Sports" Real Madrid may choose not to sign Manchester United star Paul Pogba next summer if Dani Ceballos impresses during his Arsenal loan. How Dani Ceballos performs during his loan spell at Arsenal may affect whether Real Madrid attempt to sign Paul Pogba next summer, claims transfer expert Duncan Castles. Ceballos… August 22, 2019 In "News" Pogba on his way out of Old Trafford? Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is ‘likely’ to leave the club in the summer, with Real Madrid and Juventus interested in signing him. Pogba’s future has been a hot topic for a while now. The Frenchman was heavily linked with an exit… January 15, 2020 In "Sports"