Arsenal should sign Wolves striker Raul Jimenez with Alexandre Lacazette’s future up in the air, according to ESPN pundit Craig Burley. Lacazette has only started 15 of Arsenal‘s 27 Premier League matches this season, scoring six goals, which has led to rumours that the France international could be on his way out of the Emirates Stadium this summer. Jimenez has impressed for Wolves this season with 16 goals and nine assists in all competitions as Wolves chase down a Champions League place. FEATURE: Top ten players who’ve regressed the most this season And Burley reckons the Mexican would be a great acquisition for Arsenal this summer. Burley told ESPN: “What will Raul Jimenez give you? Experience but still at a good age, runs the channels, physical in the air, works hard when he’s not got the ball and scores goals. “Bare in mind they have [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang and hopefully won’t lose him. “But Lacazette’s frustrations are out there about not playing, he could go elsewhere. “If you had Aubameyang on the left and a big physical presence through the middle, that would make sense to me. “I’m sure there are other options there for [Mikel] Arteta, but this guy… Arsenal sides through the years have been a bit soft, this guy’s not soft. “He’s a physical player who scores goals in the Premier League. I’d have him in a heartbeat and I think Arteta would as well. “He’s got a bit extra, he scores goals and he’s a winner. Good player.”  The post Arsenal tipped to sign Mexican as replacement for Lacazette appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 James Benge of football.london has provided an update on Arsenal’s attempts to secure the long-term futures of star attackers Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. Arsenal fight back The Gunners welcomed Tottenham to the Emirates last Sunday evening, for a highly-anticipated derby showdown. The two sides headed into proceedings with their… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 6 kicks off on Friday the 20th of September at 8:00 pm UK time, when Southampton play host to Bournemouth. Gameweek 6 will end on Sunday the 22nd of September, with Aston Villa traveling to Arsenal and Chelsea hosting Liverpool. So, all of your transfers for… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Massive blow for Arsenal Arsenal’s Alexandre Lacazette will be out until October with an injury, the club have announced ahead of their clash with Watford. Lacazette has started the season impressively, scoring two goals in three Premier League appearances so far. One of those goals came in the north London… September 13, 2019 In "Sports"