England’s Golden Generation weren’t able to deliver any actual success – but they did provide some brilliant memories which we remember in the latest episode of The Broken Metatarsal. Focusing on Sven-Goran Eriksson’s reign from 2001 through to the 2006 World Cup, Rich Williams, Mark Holmes, Rob Conlon and this week’s guest, comedian and Crystal Palace fan Chloe Petts, remember the highs and lows of those five years, from the 5-1 in Germany and David Beckham’s free-kick against Greece to the emergence of Wayne Rooney but ultimately the same old crushing disappointment on penalties. Paul Konchesky joins on the phone to reveal what it was like stepping into the England camp on a couple of occasions during that period, including as a debutant alongside Rooney in 2003. The former Charlton, West Ham and Fulham left-back also tells a familiar story of cliques in the squad – and how the captain was king at mealtimes. As always, we finish with an episode of Fact or Fiction in which Rich tries to work out which of the unlikely stories about the Golden Generation is, in fact, true. You can listen to the episode directly below or find us on Audioboom, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, CastBox, Deezer and RadioPublic among other providers, where you can hear plenty more episodes in which we celebrate the best of noughties football. The Broken Metatarsal is brought to you in association with our sponsors, Football Index. Sign up here for an exclusive Planet Football reader offer and take advantage of their seven-day £1000 money-back guarantee. T&Cs apply, 18+, begambleaware.org. The post New podcast: The highs and lows of the Golden Generation appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Ahead of his final outing against the United States, the striker feels at ease enough to enjoy the experience Rooney ready to enjoy England farewell after pressure of 'Golden Generation' November 14, 2018 In "Sports" Sports athletes everywhere are not only recognised for their accomplishments in their particular sport, but often also for various other aspects of their lives. In fact, a good number of them indulge in sports betting and gambling activities as their favourite pastime. Here in this short article, we will tell… July 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" The D.C. United striker says that the Three Lions' golden generation would have achieved more under the Manchester City boss Source: Goal September 12, 2019 In "Gists"