Rio Ferdinand says he would sanction a £30m move for Birmingham teenager Jude Bellingham if he were in charge of transfers at Manchester United. Ferdinand was asked whether the 16-year-old was worth that kind of investment and said: “Huge talent, really good looking footballer in the way he plays. The balance, the maturity at such a young age. “The price tag is phenomenal – £30m for a kid. But it’s the way of the world now. But if we keep him for ten years it’s money well spent. “But to be playing in the Championship doing what he’s doing- it’s a gamble but a calculated one. If I’m Manchester United 100% I take him. “He seems to have it all, can play anywhere across the front. I love seeing these young kids, it’s what I live for.” Borussia Dortmund are also interested in Bellingham but United are thought to have pushed to the front of the queue. The post Ferdinand gives approval for ‘phenomenal’ £30m transfer appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Rio Ferdinand has urged his former club Manchester United to sign England midfielder Jadon Sancho, with Old Trafford chiefs reportedly already making contact with Borussia Dortmund in a bid to lure the teenage midfielder. Reports in Germany and England in recent weeks have suggested United are ready to break their… March 22, 2019 In "News" Ahead of his debut as a Premier League pundit, BTSport.com sits down with the former Gunners striker to assess his old club’s chances of success in the upcoming season. Last updated: 9 August 2019 – 12.01pm It’s Robin van Persie’s first day in his new career and he is positively… August 9, 2019 In "News" Rio Ferdinand Rio Ferdinand thinks Liverpool will be “scared to get excited” after their latest victory over Sheffield United in the Premier League. Their 2-0 victory over the Blades on Thursday saw the Reds maintain their 13-point lead over second-placed Leicester City as they look set to end their long… January 4, 2020 In "News"