Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke has warned Manchester United and any other club wanting to purchase Jadon Sancho this summer that they not be entertaining a “bargain tour”. The Bundesliga outfit have slapped a £120million price tag on Sancho with Man Utd and several other top European clubs heavily linked with a move for the England international. The Evening Standard claimed on Thursday that Sancho wants to move to United so he can play with three of their players who excite him. The 19-year-old has already struck up a friendship with Marcus Rashford on international duty. It is also claimed he rates Anthony Martial, who has been United’s main striker this season, backed up by 18-year-old Mason Greenwood – the third player Sancho is looking forward to linking up with. The coronavirus pandemic has seen football leagues suspended around the world with the true economic impact on clubs not yet known. However, Watzke is determined to only sell Sancho for his value and preferably wants to keep him at Dortmund. “We said before Corona[virus] that our favorite idea is that Jadon will stay with us,” Watzke told Bild. “I can clearly say that even the very rich clubs, despite the existential crisis, do not have to believe that they can go on a bargain tour with us. “We don’t have to sell anyone below value.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Man Utd and other clubs warned against Sancho ‘bargain tour’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Jadon Sancho is reportedly keen on a move to Manchester United so he can share a pitch with players who excite him. The Evening Standard claims Sancho has been persuaded to move to Old Trafford because of the chance to play with three United stars. The 19-year-old has already struck… March 26, 2020 In "Sports" Dimitar Berbatov doesn’t think Jadon Sancho will have to “think twice” if Manchester United come calling this summer. Borussia Dortmund have slapped a £120million price tag on Sancho with Man Utd and several other clubs heavily linked with a move for the England international. The Evening Standard claimed on Thursday… March 27, 2020 In "Sports" Brimingham City teenager Jude Bellingham has chosen his next club amid interest from Manchester United, according to reports in Germany. Sport Bild report that the race to sign Birmingham City’s 16-year-old sensation is coming to an end and that Borussia Dortmund are set to land Bellingham. Per the source, Bellingham is poised… March 18, 2020 In "Sports"