Manchester United are keen on signing Crystal Palace striker Alexander Sorloth, according to reports in Turkey. Norway striker Sorloth signed for Palace from FC Midtjylland for £9million in January 2018 but has failed to score in 16 Premier League appearances. The 23-year-old has netted just once in 20 outings in all competitions for the Eagles but he’s been more impressive in his latest loan spell at Turkish club Trabzonspor. FEATURE: The Premier League Hall of Shame: 1) Ali Dia Sorloth scored five goals in 22 appearances on loan at Gent at the end of the 2018/19 season but he’s really improved at Trabzonspor this term, bagging 25 goals in 39 appearances for the Turkish Super Lig leaders. And now Turkish media outlet Fanatik claim that Man Utd – who will be on the lookout for a new striker in the next transfer window – are one of several clubs that have shown interest in Sorloth. The likes of Milan, Napoli, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are also understood to be interested, while Trabzonspor have the option to make the deal permanent for just €6m with Sorloth on loan until the end of the 2020/21 season. It is likely that the Turkish side will use that option to buy him from Palace and then Trabzonspor will only allow Sorloth to leave for offers in the region of €25-30m. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Man Utd want to make shock swoop for £9m Crystal Palace flop appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Neil Shipperley has questioned whether Crystal Palace should have attempted to sign Andy Carroll or Daniel Sturridge this summer, after delivering his verdict on the Eagles’ attacking options. Palace have Christian Benteke, Connor Wickham and Jordan Ayew as their recognised strikers, with Wilfried Zaha and Andros Townsend also able to… August 14, 2019 In "News" GREAL OR NO GREAL It is unclear precisely what constitutes Man United having ‘stepped up their interest’ in Jack Grealish. Have they slid further into his DMs? Have they decided that they will haggle over his fee all summer before ceding to Aston Villa’s initial demands? Will they start sending… February 26, 2020 In "Sports" Bournemouth’s Joshua King injury blow In a bad blow for Bournemouth, striker Joshua King is now injured. King was injured in the final minutes of Norway’s 2-1 win over Malta on Monday in a Euro 2020 qualifier. Fredrik Ulvestad replaced King in the 89th minute of the away match in… November 19, 2019 In "Sports"