Manchester United are reported to be ‘optimistic’ that Paul Pogba has been priced out of a move away from the club. There have been repeated claims that United want to sell Pogba but ESPN‘s well-connected United correspondent Rob Dawson claims that United are positive about keeping the Frenchman after they trigger a one-year contract extension this summer. This ‘optimism’ seems to come from Pogba’s price tag of over £100m and wages of £300,000 a week; United ‘doubt whether any of Europe’s elite clubs can afford the midfielder’. And that was before coronavirus blew a hole in the season and the financial security of most football clubs. FEATURE: Ranking the 12 £50m-plus signings available this summer Pogba’s agent Mino Raiola has said he “wants to take a great player to Real Madrid”, but it might be that the Spanish club spend all their money on a striker, with Erling Haaland strongly linked. The post Manchester United ‘optimistic’ that Pogba is stuck appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Pogba on his way out of Old Trafford? Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is ‘likely’ to leave the club in the summer, with Real Madrid and Juventus interested in signing him. Pogba’s future has been a hot topic for a while now. The Frenchman was heavily linked with an exit… January 15, 2020 In "Sports" Premier League giants Manchester United are reportedly set to keep Paul Pogba at the club despite interest from Juventus and Real Madrid. Pogba has been heavily linked with a move away from Man United and has been linked with a move to the Los Blancos and to the bianconeri. The… July 15, 2019 In "News" Pogba Paul Pogba’s agent Mino Raiola has hinted the Manchester United star could leave Old Trafford if he is unhappy at the end of the season. Pogba has made just eight appearances for United during the current campaign after battling a nagging ankle injury and rumours have swirled about the… January 22, 2020 In "News"