Manchester United could be put off signing Harry Kane over the huge fee Tottenham would demand for his services, according to reports. Tottenham reached the Champions League final last season – losing to Liverpool in the showpiece event – but this term they are already out of that competition, while they sit eighth in the Premier League. Kane has been out since Spurs lost to Southampton on New Year’s Day because of a ruptured hamstring but is now back in training. FEATURE: Six teams who actually really needed this break…. There is a real possibility that Tottenham may not be in the Champions League next season and a number of clubs could look to take advantage of that. Juventus, Real Madrid and Man Utd have been linked with a move for Kane – who has scored 17 goals in 25 appearances this term – in the next transfer window. And now Diario Madridista (via the Daily Express) claims Spurs will not let Kane leave for Man Utd or any other club for less than £154m (€170m) . Although Man Utd have apparently identified him as the perfect signing to solve their lack of goalscorers, the report adds that Kane would prefer a move to Real Madrid. The huge fee that Tottenham apparently want for Kane could put off Man Utd with Jadon Sancho already their main priority for the upcoming window. The post Report reveals how much Spurs will demand from Man Utd for Kane appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Harry Kane may lead Tottenham summer exodus Writing in the Times on Thursday, reporter Gary Jacob has revealed that Harry Kane could leave Tottenham this summer. The transfer speculation comes after Tottenham lost 7-2 at home to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday. Kane – who usually posts… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" Harry Kane is reportedly interested in a move to Manchester United this summer, as he considers his future at Tottenham. Kane is said to be reluctant to wait for the rebuild required at Spurs to challenge for major honours. Tottenham could miss out on Champions League football next season after… March 4, 2020 In "Sports" Tottenham’s Harry Kane may miss Everton Everton host Tottenham at Goodison Park on Sunday in the Premier League. However, Harry Kane could miss the match for Spurs due to injury. Football London reporter Alasdair Gold reported unconfirmed updates on Saturday night regarding Kane’s availability to take on Everton. He said:… November 3, 2019 In "Sports"