Manchester United legend Peter Schmeichel admits his “pride” got in the way of him remaining at Old Trafford for “many more years”. The goalkeeper left the club in the summer of 19991 after captaining the Treble-winning side’s victory in the Champions League final. The Dane claims his mental and physical exhaustion caused him to end his eight-year association with the Red Devils, but he admits he “regrets” the manner of his exit. “It’s over 20 years ago now and during that period of time you go through a lot of phases,” he explained. “First of all I went through retirement from football, then it was nice not to go in for a while and before you know you start to miss it all a bit. “As you become further and further away from football your thinking process becomes better. “I could have possibly played on for many more years [at Manchester United] had I cut back a little bit on the pride and spoken to the manager about it – but I didn’t.” FEATURE: Every Premier League club’s breakthrough star… He continued: “I was too proud of my position at the club. “When you get to your mid 50s you look back and have a better understanding of things. “That was a young man’s head making that decision, I admit I probably should of held out. It’s not a regret as such, but it is a regret at the same time if you get what I mean. “I loved the football club so much, why would I want to leave? But I was so worn out at the time so it would have taken something very extraordinary for me to change my mind. “I was constantly in action, so whenever I wasn’t playing in Championships for Denmark I was having surgery. “I was never not surrounded by football or rehab. Mentally it was just wearing me down at the time. “I nearly regretted it [the decision] after the final and then I’m thinking ’no, I’ve got to stick with my instinct.’ “It is what it is. If you ever have to end your Manchester United career I don’t think that’s a bad game to finish off.” The post Man Utd legend opens up on ‘regret’ at leaving after 1999 Treble appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Former Chelsea star Michael Ballack has opened up on Jose Mourinho’s departure from his first spell in charge of the Blues, and admits regret at not extending his Stamford Bridge contract. Mourinho left Chelsea just a few weeks into the 2007/08 season having won two Premier League titles in three… March 24, 2020 In "Sports" <p class="">Since his firing, the Portugual coach has been quiet and everyone had been dying to hear from him.</p> <h1>Jose Mourinho had his first public appearance since he was sacked from his position as manager of the Manchester United.Â </h1> <p class="">Following a slew of fluttering results and reports of several… January 20, 2019 In "News" Brighton striker Glenn Murray has named Virgil Van Dijk as his toughest opponent, claiming the Liverpool “man mountain” treated him “like a 12-year-old boy”. Van Dijk has arguably become the world’s best central defender since joining the club from Southampton in January 2018, starring in their Champions League success last season… March 24, 2020 In "Sports"