Cabinet Office Minister Michael Gove has said he cannot see any justification for Sports Direct to stay open during coronavirus restrictions and did not consider it as essential work. Politicians have already hit out at Newcastle owner Ashley for for keeping his stores open after the Prime Minister ordered non-essential shops to close, with Labour’s chairman telling company majority owner Ashley to “take some responsibility” and “shut up shop”. Management justified keeping stores open on the basis that selling sporting and fitness equipment makes the company a vital asset during a national shutdown, according to an email seen by the PA news agency. Mike Ashley’s Frasers Group, which includes Sports Direct and Evans Cycles, wrote to all workers within 30 minutes of Boris Johnson’s decision to shut down all non-essential retailers. But speaking on Good Morning Britain, Mr Gove said Ashley should “rescind what he said”. He added on the BBC: “It is clear to me that Sports Direct is not essential retail.” Full email (their centre alignment, not mine, before anyone asks): pic.twitter.com/Ew0fAq0Xus — Simon Neville (@SimonNeville) March 23, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Last night, Labour Party chairman Ian Lavery questioned the decision, tweeting: “Who on earth does Mike Ashley think he is? He’s prepared to endanger the life of his employees and the public at large.” The Wansbeck MP added that selling sports equipment “is not an essential service”, while Alyn and Deeside MP Mark Tami said Sports Direct staying open could potentially be “putting vulnerable people at risk”. “Take some responsibility SHUT UP SHOP” Mr Lavery concluded. Labour MP Jess Phillips agreed that the firm was “not essential”, tweeting: “Massive mugs notwistanding there is nothing people cannot live without in Sports Direct.” Earlier, Sports Direct finance chief Chris Wootton wrote to staff and noted home fitness was the “number one trending topic on social media after coronavirus itself”. He added: “Against the backdrop of the closure of gyms the demand for these types of products has increased exponentially as the population looks to maintain a healthy lifestyle. “Consequently, we are uniquely well placed to help keep the UK as fit and healthy as possible during this crisis and thus our Sports Direct and Evans Cycles stores will remain open where possible to allow us to do this (in accordance with the Government’s current social distancing guidance). “There is no one else that has the range of product and range of stores to make this reasonably accessible for the whole population.” Newcastle upon Tyne Central MP Chi Onwurah did not appear to think the company’s decision was reasonable or even realistic, asking on Twitter: “This has to be a spoof, right?” Fellow Labour MP Bill Esterson tweeted “But not Sports Direct” above a list of businesses allowed to stay open under the new measures, while Nottingham South MP Lilian Greenwood encouraged her constituents to “show Mike Ashley what we think of this profiteering”. Earlier, the PM said restrictions would be tightened up so only essential journeys should be made by key workers. He also said people could leave home for exercise, but only while maintaining social distancing. The post Government tells Newcastle owner Ashley to rethink Sports Direct approach appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Ashley is being sued by former advisor Jeff Blue, who claims the Sports Direct owner promised him a £15 million bonus over pints at the Horse &amp; Groom. The small group who went drinking at the Horse & Groom pub in central London on January 24, 2013, have very different… July 9, 2017 In "News" Mike Ashley gave evidence for around three hours on Wednesday as part of a £15 million case against him. Here's what happened. LONDON — Sports Direct billionaire Mike Ashley called claims he made big undocumented payments to executives "utter bulls***" in court on Wednesday and called the man who made… July 6, 2017 In "Finance" The Newcastle owner has faced widespread criticism in the past over the company's treatment of its employees Source: Goal March 23, 2020 In "Gists"