Liverpool remain interested in Sevilla defender Diego Carlos but may baulk at the reported €50m it would take to prise him away from the Spanish club this summer. With Dejan Lovren expected to leave in the summer, the Premier League champions-elect are likely to be in the market for a centre-back to compete with Joe Gomez, Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip. Brazilian Carlos has been a big hit in Seville since joining from Nantes for €15m last summer and now ABC Sevilla say Carlos is ‘on the radar’ of Liverpool, Barcelona and Real Madrid with the suggestion his market value has tripled during his time in Spain. The 26-year-old Carlos has a release clause of €75m and, after being linked with Liverpool and others in the winter, was praised by his former manager at Estoril, Fabiano Soares, who thought him the right kind of player for Jurgen Klopp to be monitoring. Soares told ESPN Brazil: “There are some Real Madrid defenders who are worse than him. At Barcelona, there’s a lot more space because they’re a team who need fast players. And he’s very fast. That is why Klopp should be keeping an eye on him. “He is a dynamic, intense, fast player. Football nowadays, for the slow player the market isn’t so good. Players who are fast and strong and competitive and who have quality, the coaches will always look at them.” The post Liverpool eye Sevilla defender, but price tag may be an issue appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp “should be keeping an eye on” Sevilla defender Diego Carlos, according to one of the player’s former managers. The La Liga side signed Carlos in the summer for just £13.5m from French side Nantes and the Brazilian has already shone for his new club. Sevilla have only conceded… February 28, 2020 In "Sports" Berizzo, 48, oversaw training on Wednesday following his team fighting back from three goals down at half-time to draw 3-3 with Liverpool. Spanish football rallied round Sevilla&apos;s Argentine coach Eduardo Berizzo on Wednesday after the club confirmed he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer a day after his side staged… November 22, 2017 In "News" Real Madrid's Brazilian defender Marcelo celebrates after scoring his team's third goal during the Spanish league football match Real Madrid CF vs SD Eibar at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium in Madrid on October 22, 2017. PIERRE-PHILIPPE MARCOU / AFPReal Madrid will have to overcome a mounting list of injuries and… December 8, 2017 In "News"