Boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer insists he is fully prepared for when Manchester United return to action. United, along with the rest of the Premier League and EFL, are waiting to resume the season after it was postponed due to the coronavirus outbreak. Elite football in England has been postponed until April 30 at the earliest while the National League has been halted indefinitely. Solskjaer is keeping in contact with his squad and staff and knows it is vital to remain ready to return. READ: We review Manchester United’s season so far “Of course, I’m used to seeing them every day for hours and hours, so it’s different,” he told manutd.com. “I just keep in touch with them on WhatsApp groups and messages, and we plan for whenever we get back and what kind of sessions for when we do start. “But it’s such an unknown and we don’t really have an idea and are not 100% about when we’ll start. “That’s the good thing now with technology and we’re lucky in that sense. “We can keep in touch and see each other. We can send messages and get a reply quickly, and we can do the old-fashioned phone call sometimes and speak just on the phone. So we keep in touch regularly.” But, for now, Solskjaer is enjoying spending time with his family until United are able to play again. He added: “I’m good. The family is good. One of the downsides of football is you don’t get too much time with your family and the flip side now is you get loads of time with them. It’s been nice to spend some time with them.” The post Ole: ‘Man United planning for whenever we get back’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Aston Villa Manchester United are set to go head-to-head with Aston Villa on Sunday. United begin the weekend’s Premier League action 9th in the table, nine points off a Champions League spot. So, the Red Devils really can’t afford to drop any points this weekend. Luckily for… November 29, 2019 In "Sports" Could Allegri replace Solskjaer shortly? Manchester United are reportedly ‘very close’ to agreeing a deal with former Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri to take over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. It’s not been a great start to the season for United. Despite starting with a 4-0 win over Chelsea, Manchester United find… October 16, 2019 In "Sports"