The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has re-awarded the 9th Mile section of the Enugu—Onitsha expressway for N29.4 billion. The Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, briefed State House correspondents after FEC meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Fashola said that the previous contractor handling the highway linking Enugu and Anambra States was disengaged while RCC had been given the contract. “We had one memorandum in respect of the 9th Mile section of the Enugu—Onitsha highway; so just to disengage the contractor who was previously handling that 15 kilometer section and award it to the contractor that now has the majority of the route which RCC. “So, that section was determined and approved for re-award to RCC so that we now have a wholesome strategy to complete that road. “The 9th Mile section, as you might know, is a very tricky, difficult area; very steep, dangerous, point of many accidents before. “So, we had to change design and a lot of other alterations in quality to ensure that we manage not the erosion there but that very good is work is done; so, council approved that in favour of Messrs RCC for the N29.4 billion,’’ he said. He said that the completion was rolled into the existing contract–24 months.(NAN) vanguardngr.com The post FEC re-awards 9th Mile section of Enugu-Onitsha road at N29.4bn appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  By Emeka Mamah, Vincent Ujumadu, Chidi Nkwopara, Anayo Okoli,   Chinonso Alozie& Ugochukwu Alaribe Irrespective of claims by the Federal Government that works were ongoing on many federal roads in the Southeast geopolitical zone, an investigation by Saturday Vanguard revealed that little or nothing had been done on the roads. The… November 25, 2017 In "News" THE Federal Executive Council, FEC today, Wednesday approved the award of a N155.7 billion Naira contract for the construction of a hybrid two-lane-six-lane road network that starts from Abuja that cuts through the heart of Northern Nigeria: Abuja-Kaduna-Zaria to Kano. This road project comes at a time when the administration… December 21, 2017 In "News" Alhaji Mustapha Shehuri, the Minister of State for Power, Works and Housing, has ordered the contractor handling the 9th Mile-Orokam Road project to commence repairs of failed sections of the road. Shehuri gave the order on Thursday in Enugu, during an inspection of ongoing Federal Government road projects in Enugu… February 8, 2019 In "News"