Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta insists his side will have to be at their best against Manchester City on Wednesday, claiming his former side have “been very unlucky” recently. Arteta became the permanent coach of Arsenal this season having previously worked under Pep Guardiola as his assistant at City. And the 37-year-old says he has “a very clear idea” of what Manchester City will do and he thinks he knows how to create issues for them. OPINION: Europe’s most in-form teams: Man Utd fourth, Liverpool languishing… He said: “It’s going to be a very special night. I’m very excited to get back there. “Now I’m in a different position on a different bench. I will defend my club as well as I can.” The Spaniard was asked what has gone wrong at Manchester City, after Guardiola’s side were condemned to their seventh defeat of the season as they lost 2-0 to Man Utd in the derby on Sunday. He added: “Sometimes small details make the difference. I think they’ve been very unlucky. “This is football. It can happen. “We have to be at our best that’s for sure to have any chance of winning the game. “We are in two different processes and levels, we have to be at our best.” The post Arsenal boss Arteta claims ‘small details’ causing Pep problems appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has today opened up on the prospect of right-hand man Mikel Arteta taking over at Premier League rivals Arsenal. Arsenal held Unai Emery’s Gunners welcomed Southampton to the Emirates on Saturday, for a Premier League clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings amid a dismal run of… November 25, 2019 In "Sports" Mikel Arteta has declared his admiration for Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka, revealing he was interested in bringing him to Manchester City when he started as Pep Guardiola’s assistant. Xhaka’s future at the Gunners has looked bleak since he reacted angrily to fan abuse earlier in the season, with former manager… December 26, 2019 In "News" Admission impossible ‘DERBY goal hero Scott McTominay admitted he would revel in Manchester City’s defeat’ – The Sun. And there you were thinking he’d wallow.   Tell tale ‘JUBILANT Ole Gunnar Solskjaer celebrated derby glory and then told Manchester City and Liverpool: We’re on the way back’ – Neil Custis, The… March 9, 2020 In "Sports"