All 20 Premier League clubs – and especially Liverpool – are expected to express a ‘determination’ to finish the current season during Thursday’s emergency board meeting. Representatives of each side are scheduled for a conference call at 10.30am to discuss their options during the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. Measures around social distancing mean no clubs will be present in person for the meeting. Games have been suspended until at least April 3 but further postponements are likely as the situation continues to develop and worsen. UEFA’s gathering of football stakeholders on Tuesday ended with an outline commitment to completing domestic competitions across Europe by June 30, and the decision to postpone Euro 2020 to the summer of 2021 has given competition organisers like the Premier League greater wriggle room. Both the BBC and The Guardian repeat the same line about the ‘determination’ of clubs to finish the season if at all possible. The latter describe a ‘strong collective’ belief that the campaign must reach its conclusion. The BBC suggest that ‘officials are open to the idea of staging matches behind closed doors’ to do so, while quoting a source as saying that “nothing concrete” will come from an “information-sharing and clarity meeting”. The Guardian’s insider says ‘clubs did not discuss…how to decide finishing places if the season is not completed’ at the emergency meeting last week. They should read this. Also, Karren Brady was apparently ‘not alone in considering that the clearest solution’ was to declare the campaign null and void if it cannot be finished. Poor Liverpool.  The post Liverpool given boost by Premier League ‘determination’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Liverpool's Brazilian midfielder Roberto Firmino (C) celebrates with teammates after scoring a goal on November 21, 2017 at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium in Sevilla during the UEFA Champions League group E football match between Sevilla FC and Liverpool FC. / AFP PHOTO / CRISTINA QUICLER Liverpool will aim to… November 25, 2017 In "News" The season so far The 2018/19 season was great for Premier League football both domestically and in Europe. At home, Manchester City and Liverpool pushed each other to their limits in the battle for the Premier League title. Liverpool earned a staggering 97 points. But it still wasn’t enough to… September 7, 2019 In "Sports" Football Association chairman Greg Clarke has reportedly told the Premier League he does not believe the domestic football season will be completed because of the coronavirus pandemic. The Premier League suspended all fixtures at an emergency meeting on Friday. Matches in the English Football League, FA Women’s Super League and… March 14, 2020 In "News"