Former Manchester United coach Mick Clegg has explained why Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is “a great coach” and explained an advantage he has over others in his position. Clegg – who was a power development coach at United – worked with Solskjaer as a player and a coach, and claims he will ensure the players are ready to return to training in the best possible shape when the coronavirus outbreak is under control. And former United power development coach Mick Clegg, who worked with Solskjaer as a player and a coach, said the players must return to training in the best possible shape. “I’ve worked with Ole and he’s really meticulous,” Clegg told the Mirror. “He’s a hard-working lad. “He’s a thoughtful person and he will be getting his coaches to make sure they maximise their time for their players, to make they come back at their best level. “And if United don’t come back at their best level, then people need to be held up to say ‘what have you been doing?’ because there are opportunities – everyone has a phone and everyone can transmit their data. “I worked with Ole as a player and then when he became the reserve team manager. “He’s a great coach and could always pull something out of the air. “Players need information to encourage them to really train hard, put the right vision in their minds. “There are lots of coaches who can show them things, but you get someone like Ole and he’ll say ‘I’ll just show you something that I did when I was a player’. “He’ll get all the cones out and show players, and they suddenly spark up and are like ‘wow!’, which is great. “Ole used to tell me, in the gym, ‘this is how I’m going to score a goal’ and show me how he was going to do it. “So when he says I’m going to put the ball through this goalkeeper’s legs on Saturday – and he does it – that’s worth thinking about.” The post Ex-United coach: Solskjaer ‘always pulls something out the air’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Will he stay or will he go? Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong has spoken out amid reports that he could leave the club when his contract expires next summer. The 19-year-old was handed his United senior debut back in January against Reading. Chong has since become more of a first-team player… November 13, 2019 In "Sports" Ole Gunnar Solskjaer Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has no issues with Paul Pogba and his desire to regain fitness despite the France World Cup winner’s continued absence due to injury. Pogba has not played for United since 30 September due to a persistent ankle injury, missing 21 games… December 22, 2019 In "News" Ole Gunnar Solskjaer says Manchester United “can’t just react in May” over potential summer transfers with the club wokring “a couple of transfer windows ahead”. Five players have signed for Man Utd since Solskjaer took over as manager after Jose Mourinho’s sacking in 2018, with all of them arguably being… March 10, 2020 In "Sports"