Liverpool could look to bring in Paris Saint-Germain defender Layvin Kurzawa in the next transfer window, according to reports. Reports over the winter transfer window suggested that Arsenal and Mikel Arteta were hoping to seal the defender’s signature for a deal reported at around £6million. Arsenal were initally looking to sign Kurzawa in the summer, when his contract at PSG runs out, but Thomas Tuchel expressed his desire to keep the left-back as part of his plans and the France international stayed put. Currently, the versatile James Milner is providing Liverpool with back-up at left-back and luckily first-choice Andy Robertson has managed to stay fit for the majority of the season. However, Jurgen Klopp could look to strengthen his options in that position in the next transfer window with Spanish publication Sport claiming that Liverpool have entered the race to sign Kurzawa on a free transfer. The report adds that Arsenal maintain their interest, while the Premier League sides are likely to have strong competition from Barcelona, Napoli and Inter Milan for the left-back’s signature. Kurzawa’s experience at Champions League and international level makes him an attractive proposition, especially as a squad player. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Liverpool target PSG defender to provide Robertson competition appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Kurzawa’s PSG stint Layvin Kurzawa has been honing his craft with PSG since August of 2015. PSG are understood to have paid Monaco around £22.5m for the full-back. During his stint in the French capital, Kurzawa has notched up 114 appearances across all competitions. In those 114 ties, the defender… January 18, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal are closing in on a deal for Paris Saint-Germain left-back Layvin Kurzawa, according to The Athletic journalist David Ornstein. The France international joined PSG in 2015 from Monaco for €23m but has been used as a rotation option in his time with the French champions. ALSO READ: National Sports Festival:… January 16, 2020 In "News" The reliable David Ornstein has this afternoon confirmed that Arsenal are closing on a deal for PSG defender Layvin Kurzawa. PSG stint Kurzawa, a 27-year-old left-back, has been on the books at the Parc des Princes since 2015, when he made the move to Paris from Ligue 1 rivals Monaco.… January 16, 2020 In "Sports"