Chelsea have ‘spoken with’ Philippe Coutinho after making their interest in the Brazilian known to Barcelona. Coutinho joined Barca in a £142m deal in January 2018 but his spell in Spain has suited neither party. After winning two La Liga titles and a Copa del Rey in 18 months but failing to settle, he left to join Bayern Munich on loan. That move has been indifferent at best, with the German club already having stated that they would not activate the option to buy him permanently. Spanish newspaper Sport say Barca would still prefer for Coutinho to leave have made sorting his situation one of their main summer ‘priorities’. Another loan is likely as ‘no one is willing to pay the 90 million euros (£84.6m) asking tag’. Chelsea ‘have already been in touch’ with an offer to loan the playmaker for a season at £28.1m, a figure which includes his salary and the amortisation of his transfer from Liverpool, which is something this foolish news monkey will not pretend to understand. Inter Milan are another potential suitor, having expressed an interest on the same grounds of any deal being a loan instead of permanent. Tottenham are also mentioned but only in regards to the ill-fated move that p*ssed Mauricio Pochettino off last summer. Coutinho could even stay at the Nou Camp and try to prove himself under new manager Quique Setien, who ‘would not be against’ giving him a chance upon his return from Germany. But he is said to be thrilled at the prospect of learning from Billy Gilmour, so there is that. The post Chelsea make £28.1m offer for former Liverpool favourite appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Stung by Neymar’s decision to join Paris Saint-Germain for a world record 222 million euros ($263.5 million), Barcelona need to act fast to find a replacement with less than four weeks to go until the transfer window closes. Neymar Here, five of the candidates likely to take Neymar’s place alongside… August 4, 2017 In "News" Liverpool star Philippe Coutinho will complete a move to Barcelona in the next few days, according to reports in the Spanish media. Coutinho Reports on Tuesday suggested the La Liga giants have launched their biggest bid yet for Coutinho, with Liverpool’s reported offer to raise his wages again and offer… January 3, 2018 In "News" The Brazil playmaker has bounced back from an indifferent start to the 2018-19 campaign and has shown some of his best form in the Champions League. Philippe Coutinho is now desperate to extend his stay atÂ BarcelonaÂ after overcoming a rocky patch of form to show the Liga champions he has the… April 30, 2019 In "News"