Security operatives have taken full control of the major streets and highways to enforce the Presidential directives. Abuja has witnessed a high level of compliance, especially at the city center, as most people stayed back home in compliance with the directives by President Muhammadu Buhari to lockdown Lagos, the Federal Capital Territory FCT, and Ogun State, which will join on Friday, 3rd April. The three states are the most affected in Nigeria with Lagos and the FCT leading the country with 81 and 25 respectively, as at 2 pm Nigeria time on Tuesday. President Muhammadu Buhari had on Monday in the exercise of the powers conferred on him by Sections 2, 3 and 4 of the Quarantine Act (CAP Q2 LFN 2004), and all other powers enabling him in that behalf, signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, which declared COVID-19 a dangerous infectious disease. The signing of the instrument is perhaps in response to the growing criticism that trailed measures put in place by the President to deal with the battles to tackle the spread of Corona virus pandemic The Regulations, effective March 30, 2020, also gives legal backing to the various measures outlined in the President’s National Broadcast on March 29, 2020, The measures include Restriction/Cessation of Movement in Lagos, FCT and Ogun State and others toward containing the spread of the pandemic in the country. In addition, to ensure that Nigerians can still perform on-line transactions and use ATMs whilst observing these restrictions, the regulations granted an exemption to the financial system and money markets to allow very skeletal operations in order to keep the system. The FCT enforcement team headed by Atta Ikharo was seen moving around the major parts of the FCT to enforce compliance. At the Area Kuje Area Council, a team of Police officers working with the Police Community Relations Committee carried out a joint enforcement plan. They had moved around Kuje town in the early hours of the morning on Tuesday to sensitize the community on the need to comply with the lockdown directives. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire while speaking further on National Response Strategy for testing, isolation, and treatment, said the government is targeting about 1000 beds in Abuja. He stated that the government is considering the use of the facilities such as the guest houses of the Department of State Security Service DSS, the Women Development Center and ThisDay Dome, located at the central business district in Abuja.
More later. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, flanked by the Deputy Governor, Dr. Obafemi Hamzat (left) and Head of Service, Mr. Hakeem Muri-Okunola (right) during a media briefing to update on the Coronavirus pandemic, at Lagos House, Marina, on Sunday, March 22, 2020.sanwo  Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has charged security… March 30, 2020 In "News" Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has charged security operatives out on the streets to enforce the lockdown order not to violate citizens’ rights. President Muhammadu Buhari imposed the lockdown on Lagos, Ogun and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, during a national broadcast on Sunday, to contain the spread of the coronavirus pandemic.… March 31, 2020 In "News" Malami By Soni Daniel abuja—Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, has faulted claims by a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN, Ebunolu Adegboruwa, that President Muhammadu Buhari does not have the powers to shut down two states and Federal Capital Territory, FCT in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic currently… March 31, 2020 In "News"