Jose Mourinho hinted that he was unhappy with the performance of Tottenham’s record signing Tanguy Ndombele after Spurs turned in a woeful first-half display before rallying to draw 1-1 at Burnley. With Spurs hugely fortunate to be only 1-0 down at the break, Mourinho replaced Oliver Skipp and Nbombele with Lucas Moura and Giovani Lo Celso at half-time, and, while Skipp came in for praise, Mourinho revealed he was unhappy with one of the players he took off. Pointedly refusing to name the Frenchman specifically, Mourinho told Sky Sports: “I think the quality and the dynamic of Lucas and Lo Celso they made a difference. I want to say but I cannot say. We had something in the second half that we did not have in the first half. “I was expecting players (who are) not tired to give more to the team and I think somebody has to realise that this is the Premier League. I think this is a new experience and the first time he comes to Burnley and I hope that next season he can be fantastic because until now it is not enough. “Skipp is a kid in evolution and I never, never want to criticise a kid like him. “The problem was that in the first half we did not have midfield players to get the ball and assume the responsibility of moving forward from the back. Many times we had to go long because midfielder players were hidden. In the second half, they were showing themselves all the time.” Mourinho added: “In the first half, I must work to try to improve. But coaches need the players to co-operate in that work of their improvement and evolution. “I hope that he uses every minute on the pitch and every minute of knowing what the Premier League is to improve. There are many fantastic players that in first seasons in new countries… they struggle. “He is a player with a great talent and he has to know that he has to do much better and he has to know that I cannot keep giving him opportunities to play. The players must be on the pitch as consequence of their work and their performance.” For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show still hasn’t been cancelled. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Mourinho shames (but won’t name) Ndombele after Burnley draw appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. It’s 26 years since Ossie Ardiles unleashed Tottenham’s ‘Famous Five’ formation on the Premier League. Today, Jose Mourinho wheeled out his own version at Turf Moor. Five centre-backs. The dream. In the sort of performatively gloomy pre-match interview that, in a previous Mourinho lifetime, would’ve been hailed as genius mind… March 7, 2020 In "Sports" Jose Mourinho says the form of Giovani Lo Celso is giving Tottenham “an easy decision” to sign him on a permanent basis. A superb individual run from Lo Celso helped to set up Spurs’ goal as Son Heung-min struck in the 1-1 FA Cup fourth-round draw against Southampton on Saturday.… January 26, 2020 In "News" Tottenham are waiting to find out the extent of Harry Kane’s hamstring injury sustained in the 1-0 defeat at Southampton. Kane picked up the problem in the process of scoring an offside goal and left St Mary’s Stadium on crutches, sparking fears he could be set for a lengthy spell… January 1, 2020 In "News"