Eaton is a power management company with 2015 sales of $20.9 billion. Eaton provides energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 97,000 employees. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job ID: 082874
Location: Ikeja, Lagos
Job: Sales
Schedule: Full-time
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Organization: VEH Vehicle Group Qualifications Conditions What we Offer Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Area Sales Manager at Eaton Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Inlaks – Established in 1982, Inlaks is an Information Technology Systems Integrator specialized in the deployment of dynamic and highly scalable ICT Infrastructure Solutions. Our customers cuts across various segments including Banking, Telecommunication, Oil/Gas, Power, Utilities and the Distribution sectors of the economy. INLAKS also deploys Commercial/Resource Planning Software and… December 4, 2019 In "Gists" Eaton is a power management company with 2015 sales of $20.9 billion. Eaton provides energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 97,000. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Field Service Technician Requisition… June 25, 2019 In "Jobs" Cummins Inc. a global power leader, is a fortune 500 corporation of complementary business units that design, manufacture, distribute and service engines and related technologies, including fuel systems, controls, air handling, filtration, emission solutions and electrical power generation systems. By working to coordinate the production, shipment, and delivery of the… September 21, 2019 In "Gists"