Former Leeds chairman Massimo Cellino has called for the Serie A season to be cancelled due to “the plague” of coronavirus. Italy is in lockdown, with more than 4,800 people having died there during the Covid-19 pandemic. Cellino, who owns Italian club Brescia, told the Corriere dello Sport newspaper: “Everything has to be moved to the next season. It is time for realism, gentlemen. This is the plague. “You can no longer play this year. Think about the next one.” All domestic sporting activity at all levels in Italy was suspended on March 9. Cellino’s club Brescia are bottom of the table and destined for relegation. “Anyone who wants this cursed (title), take it. It is closed. Finished. And I am not saying this because Brescia is last in the standings,” Cellino added. “We are last because we deserve it.”  The post Former Leeds chairman calls for Serie A season to be cancelled appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  As per a report from Nicolo Schira of the Gazzetta dello Sport, Premier League giants Manchester United have sent representatives to take in the clash between Brescia and Juventus tonight, to scout Sandro Tonali. Brescia standout Tonali, a 19-year-old deep-lying midfielder, came up through the youth ranks of Brescia, before… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Brescia president Massimo Cellino has found himself in the headlines once again after controversially referring to Mario Balotelli’s rocky situation at the club as “black”. Balotelli had been dropped for the Serie A side’s clash with Roma on Sunday following a training ground incident that saw coach Fabio Grosso kick… November 26, 2019 In "News" Mario Balotelli has joined his hometown club, Brescia, on a free transfer, the Serie A side confirmed on Sunday. Balotelli, who was released by Marseille at the end of last season, returns to Italy for his third stint. The controversial striker has previously played for Inter Milan, where he won… August 19, 2019 In "News"