Four bottom-half Premier League clubs now want the season to be voided, according to a report. Sports across the globe have been suspended as countries look to curb the spread of Covid-19 and few expect the Premier League to return anytime soon. UEFA has invited the leaders of its 55 national member associations to take part in a video conference on Wednesday to receive an update from working groups set up on March 17 in the wake of the Covid-19 crisis. One working group is looking at how the 2019-20 fixture calendar can be completed, while the other was focused on economic and regulatory issues such as adjustments to player contracts and transfer windows. West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady called for the Premier League season to be declared void in her Sun column after football was originally suspended until April 3 due to the coronavirus outbreak. Rio Ferdinand recently agreed that it would be the best course of action, while Tottenham striker Harry Kane thinks a deadline should be set to restart the season. And now The Independent claims that ‘four bottom-half clubs are said to be in favour of voiding the season because they feel that the money guaranteed from staying in the Premier League for another campaign would be greater than any money they have to give back to broadcasters.’ The vast majority of sides in the division are still in favour of finishing the season with all the top-half clubs ‘desperate’ for that to happen. One source involved in discussions, told The Independent: “It really would be the worst of all solutions. If it came to it, no one in their right mind would vote against Liverpool being champions, but the bottom would be a mess. It would actually be more justifiable to void the season at the top than the bottom.” The report adds that promotion-chasing clubs in the EFL are expected to provide a ‘very aggressive’ response if the Premier League does try to void the current campaign. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Report expects ‘aggressive’ EFL response as four PL clubs want season voided appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The collapse of sports events worldwide over the rapidly spreading new coronavirus gathered pace Friday with the English Premier League and European football’s showpiece Champions League swept aside by the pandemic. England’s cricket tour of Sri Lanka also fell victim to the virus while suspension of the Premier League until… March 13, 2020 In "News" Football Association chairman Greg Clarke has reportedly told the Premier League he does not believe the domestic football season will be completed because of the coronavirus pandemic. The Premier League suspended all fixtures at an emergency meeting on Friday. Matches in the English Football League, FA Women’s Super League and… March 14, 2020 In "News" Premier League clubs will gather again on April 3 to discuss next steps amid the coronavirus pandemic. It was announced last week that English professional football had been put on hold until April 30 at the earliest. It is understood the April 3 date had already been pencilled in as… March 23, 2020 In "Sports"