Manchester United will reportedly pay £15m for Odion Ighalo this summer after the ‘stop-gap signing’ proved himself with four goals in eight games. The Nigerian was signed on loan from Shanghai Shenhua in January and the Daily Mail claim that the deal will be made permanent this summer. There is a complication with the deal that Ighalo’s loan spell ends a month earlier than all others in the Premier League; he is due to return to his Chinese club on May 31. The Mail reports: ‘United may have to negotiate an extension with the Chinese club if the Premier League season — on hold until the end of April —continues into June, although world players’ union FIFPro is working on a solution to the contract uncertainty caused by the coronavirus crisis.’ There is clearly an appetite from all parties to complete the deal, with the Chinese club keen to lose Ighalo’s £300,000-a-week wages off their bill. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Manchester United to pay £15m for ‘stop-gap signing’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Man United will consider making the permanent signing of Odion Ighalo their first move of the summer transfer market. Ighalo joined in January on a questionable loan move from Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua. The striker arrived to little fanfare but has proved remarkably popular with teammates, fans and… March 15, 2020 In "Sports" I G H A L O 2⃣5⃣ Buy now https://t.co/yQiIa7mVQT pic.twitter.com/Us6mufhtn2 — Manchester United (@ManUtd) February 4, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United loan signing Odion Ighalo has been assigned the number 25 shirt following his short-term arrival from Shanghai Shenhua until the end of the season. The Ighalo deal was concluded… February 4, 2020 In "News" Manchester United could bring Odion Ighalo to Old Trafford on a permanent basis, according to reports. Ighalo is on loan at Man Utd until the end of the season from Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua after the Premier League side were desperate for January reinforcements up front. The Nigerian… March 14, 2020 In "Sports"