Art cover for “Faith Hope Love Radio Conference” Praiseworld Radio is scheduled to host this year’s edition on March 23-27, 2020 – #FaithHopeLove Conference –  a first of its kind conference on Radio, with the aim of sharing deep knowledge on these 3 basic themes of Christianity. Last year (2019), Praiseworld Radio made its debut of a 5 Day Annual Conference on Radio branded ‘Faith Hope Love Conference’, where Various minstrels and ministers of the Word come into the studio each day to share with the thousands of our online audience. The debut edition played host to the likes of Pastor Dami Oluwatoyinbo, Onos, Bishop G, Imisi Owolabi, and many great ministers, and this year’s edition looks to be even much greater with seasoned ministers and artistes expected. Guest artists include Jo Deep, Kanyinsola, Limoblaze, Folabi Nuel and Ellie Scott. While Pastor Tosin Martins (Franchise Church), Pastor Olushola Okodugha (The New), Bishop G, Pastor Dami Oluwatoyinbo (KINGS) and Pastor Moses Ida-Michaels (Ecclesia Hills) will minister the Word. Typically, each day’s session lasts for 3 hours (9am-12noon) on our flagship radio show #ThePraiseOclockShow 9-10am: We start off with a live spontaneous worship session led by a music artiste for a 60minute period 10-11am: The minister of the day shares the word on the theme. This is an uninterrupted session 11am-12noon: The host engages the minister based on what has been shared, whilst taking questions from the audience in an interactive session, which climaxes with prayers P.S: A repeat of each day’s session is rebroadcasted at night (9pm-12midnight) HOW TO BE A PART OF THE CONFERENCE To tune in to Praiseworld Radio, simply log in to PraiseworldRadio.com OR download the Praiseworld Radio mobile app from your AppStore to tune in. Official Hashtag: #FaithHopeLoveConference2020 Follow @praiseworld_ on Twitter and Instagram for updates The post EVENT: March 23-27, 2020 – Faith Hope Love Conference 2020 Hosted by Praiseworld Radio, appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. It’s going to be an immersion in over 50 sessions of God’s word and demonstrations of His Spirit at the 2018 Edition of The West African Faith Believers’ Convention (WAFBEC 2018). The fifth edition of the annual conference of feasting on wisdom and rejoicing in the spirit, WAFBEC is finally upon us.… January 6, 2018 In "News" As we celebrate the coming to earth of our Lord and saviour Jesus Christ, we acknowledge the contributions of Nigerian believers using their voices, lives, platforms, and wherewithal to pursue kingdom agenda, push kingdom culture, and wield kingdom influence. Nigeria has been positioned to drive the end-time revival and these… December 26, 2018 In "News" Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, the Senior Pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) has announced the lineup of speakers for the 2020 edition of the 12 Days of Glory (12DG) conference. 12 Days of Glory is an annual conference held in COZA at the beginning of every year to prepare… December 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"