Jocaro Nigeria Limited was founded on the 28th day of April 1995 generator image. We are a fully indigenous engineering company with foreign technical associates committed to providing quality and competitive electro – mechanical products and services, with over 15 years of active experience, qualified staff and work force meeting the demands of both domestic and foreign markets. Slot : 2 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot : 2Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The British Council is the UK’s international organisation for cultural relations and educational opportunities. We create friendly knowledge and understanding between the people of the UK and other countries. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply R.A.THINK DESIGN is an Israeli-Nigerian company. The company is managed by vastly experienced team of expatriate management executives and Nigerian staff. We have strategic partnerships and alliances with organizations and groups based in Nigeria, Europe and the Middle East. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Finchglow Travels is a world class Travel Management Company. We provide travel solutions for all your personal and business travel needs; from travel consultations to ticketing and reservations, tours and transfer to consular services, our main goal is to satisfy all your travel needs, we sell the world to you. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Now Hiring at British Council Nigeria, R.A. Trading and Investment Limited, Jocaro Nigeria Limited & Finchglow Travels – Don’t Be Left Out. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. (A). Jocaro Nigeria Limited Jocaro Nigeria Limited was founded on the 28th day of April 1995 generator image. We are a fully indigenous engineering company with foreign technical associates committed to providing quality and competitive electro – mechanical products and services, with over 15 years of active experience, qualified staff and… February 24, 2020 In "Gists" Jocaro Nigeria Limited was founded on the 28th day of April 1995 generator image. We are a fully indigenous engineering company with foreign technical associates committed to providing quality and competitive electro – mechanical products and services, with over 15 years of active experience, qualified staff and work force meeting… February 24, 2020 In "Gists" (A). Africarays Energies Pvt. Limited Africarays Energies Pvt. Limited is a fast growing Indian company, Manufacturers of inverters, batteries, UPS and solar (Power). 1.  National Sales Manager Slot : 7 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Sales Executive Slot : 7 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. Electrician Slot : 7 Click Here to Read Job… February 12, 2020 In "Gists"