Abba Kyari, chief of staff to the President spoke Sunday about how he is handling the Coronavirus infection he picked in Germany, thanking Nigerians for their prayers and goodwill. In a statement signed Kyari said he was feeling well but will transfer from Abuja to Lagos on Sunday for further tests and observations. “This is a precautionary measure: I feel well, but last week, I tested positive for coronavirus, the pandemic that is sweeping the world. I have followed all the protocols government has announced to self-isolate and quarantine,” he said in the statement. According to him, “I have not experienced high fever or other symptoms associated with this new virus and have been working from home. I hope to be back at my desk very soon”. Here is the full text of his press statement. I am writing to let you know that on medical advice, I will transfer to Lagos later today for additional tests and observation. This is a precautionary measure: I feel well, but last week, I tested positive for coronavirus, the pandemic that is sweeping the world. I have followed all the protocols government has announced to self-isolate and quarantine. I have made my own care arrangements to avoid further burdening the public health system, which faces so many pressures. Like many others that will test also positive, I have not experienced high fever or other symptoms associated with this new virus and have been working from home. I hope to be back at my desk very soon. I have a team of young, professional, knowledgeable and patriotic colleagues, whose dedication has been beyond the call of duty, who continue to work seven days a week, with no time of the day spared. We will continue to serve the President and people of Nigeria, as we have for the past five years. I want to thank all our fantastic, talented and brave healthcare professionals, working across the country in such a difficult time; all the good Samaritans looking out for the most vulnerable in our communities; the key workers that will keep our country going through this; friends and family and often strangers, who have sent me such warm wishes and displayed such a generosity of spirit. We should be calm, measured and diligent – be meticulous in your hygiene, especially with cleaning hands, if possible stay at home or keep your distance. Listen to good advice from the proper authorities: pay no heed to quack cures or fake news from social media. President Buhari will do whatever it takes to protect the health and safety of our people and get the country back on its feet as soon as possible. Like the whole world, we are dealing with a new disease. Our experts are learning more all the time about coronavirus, what it does and how we can combat it. What we do know is that while some may become very sick, many others who contract the virus will not, and may have no symptoms at all. This is a disease that recognizes no difference between north and south, men or women, rich or poor. We are all in this together. Source: Business Day First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Abba Kyari Makes private arrangements for his treatment in Lagos By Johnbosco Agbakwuru CHIEF of Staff to the President Mallam Abba Kyari Sunday from his isolation place said that he had made a private arrangement to transfer to Lagos for further treatment. The Chief of Staff reportedly tested positive to… March 29, 2020 In "News" As the coronavirus continues to spread in Nigeria, it has also managed to make its way into the corridors of power, and a couple of political figures have announced that they have contracted the bug. Because they have been within close proximity of each other, so many other politicians have… March 25, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nasarawa State Governor, Abdullahi Sule David Odama THE Nasarawa State Governor, Abdullahi Sule, Wednesday took initiative to self-isolate as a measure towards curbing the spread of coronavirus in the state. State Commissioner of Health, Ahmad Yahaya, who disclosed this in Lafia, the state capital, said the governor is going into… March 25, 2020 In "News"