TriVersa Limited specialises in providing Regulatory Compliance and Enterprise Intelligence solutions to clients in Banking, Insurance, Defence, Government, Oil and Gas, Aviation and Telecommunication sectors. We assist clients in making more informed decisions towards improving their business operations and services. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Lagos Job DescriptionThe ideal candidate will have recent development skills in Oracle Systems Analysis, Data Analysis, ETL Development, Application development leveraging API, SQL and PL / SQL Development, Data Migration and automated test scripting leveraging Python or Ruby. Between 2 to 3 years’ experience in the following will be advantageous: Key Responsibilities Job RequirementDo you have? Desired Skills: Application Closing Date6th October, 2020. The post Junior Oracle Developer at TriVersa Solutions Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. TriVersa Limited specialises in providing Regulatory Compliance and Enterprise Intelligence solutions to clients in Banking, Insurance, Defence, Government, Oil and Gas, Aviation and Telecommunication sectors. We assist clients in making more informed decisions towards improving their business operations and services. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title:… June 4, 2020 In "Jobs" (A). DreamLabs Nigeria Limited DreamLabs Nigeria Limited is an indigenous Nigerian company that competes globally in quality and service. We work with clients to have a good and clear understanding of their organizations to proffer software solutions that are driven by actual needs and value. 1. Project Management Officer (Senior)… June 4, 2020 In "Jobs" TriVersa Limited specialises in providing Regulatory Compliance and Enterprise Intelligence solutions to clients in Banking, Insurance, Defence, Government, Oil and Gas, Aviation and Telecommunication sectors. We assist clients in making more informed decisions towards improving their business operations and services. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title:… October 22, 2019 In "Gists"