Alexis Philip is a  business to business organization that is committed to improving the productivity of individuals and corporate organizations using modern tools and proven systems. We are a twenty-first century business support and personal development company that is passionate about growing individual productivity and organization effectiveness by providing knowledge, insight and guidance. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Ikeja, LagosJob Type: Full Time Job Description Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: SalaryN50,000 Monthly Application Closing Date2nd October, 2020. The post Brand Ambassador at Alexis Philips appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Alexis Philip is a human capacity development and business support organization that is committed to improving the productivity of individuals and corporate organizations using modern tools and proven systems. We are a twenty-first century business support and personal development company that is passionate about growing individual productivity and organization effectiveness… July 22, 2020 In "Jobs" Alexis Philip is a business to business organization that is committed to improving the productivity of individuals and corporate organizations using modern tools and proven systems. We are a twenty-first century business support and personal development company that is passionate about growing individual productivity and organization effectiveness by providing knowledge,… September 16, 2020 In "Jobs" Alexis Philip is a human capacity development and business support organization that is committed to improving the productivity of individuals and corporate organizations using modern tools and proven systems. We are a twenty-first century business support and personal development company that is passionate about growing individual productivity and organization effectiveness… July 22, 2020 In "Jobs"