 The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Prince Uche Secondus has commended former President Olusegun Obasanjo for speaking truth to power when it mattered most. Secondus commended Obasanjo’s address at a recent national dialogue convened by some groups where issues on the state of the nation were discussed. Obasanjo had said at the event that Nigeria was drifting toward a failed state and had carpeted the Buhari administration for mismanaging the nation’s diversity. The Presidency had chided Obasanjo for the comment, calling him a divider-in-chief. Rising in defence of the former President, Secondus berated the Presidency, saying instead of listening to words of wisdom from patriotic elders, had chosen to attack what is real and overwhelming to all. The PDP chairman charged President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progress Congress (APC) to stop grandstanding and do the right thing in the interest of the nation. He warned the Presidency against abusing and disrespecting nationalists who fought for the unity of the country. The PDP chair admonished the President to save the country from getting progressively worse by conducting free, fair and credible election in Edo state on September 19, 2020. Secondus said: “Democracy thrives well under rule of law and this is all the people of Edo state are asking for, to let their will prevail on September 19, 2020 “To deploy military and other security agencies to do election duties outside the one statutorily assigned to them as was witnessed in 2019 general election and the gubernatorial elections in Bayelsa and Kogi state clearly undermines democracy”.  Original Article ABUJA – Following the spate of kidnappings, killings and other daunting security challenges across the country, the national chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, on Tuesday advised President Muhammadu Buhari to resign, saying the nation was collapsing under his watch. Secondus, who told the president to take… July 17, 2019 In "News" By Gbade Ogunwale, Abuja The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to resign over cases of alleged corruption in federal government agencies. Its National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, told reporters at briefing in Abuja that ongoing corruption investigations of the NDDC, MIC, NEDC, NSITF, EFCC and… July 24, 2020 In "News" By Gbade Ogunwale, Abuja The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to come down from his high horse and listen to advice from eminent Nigerians, urging him against allowing the nation to tumble from the cliff under his watch. In a statement on Sunday, the party the… September 13, 2020 In "News"