SARS operatives in Ogbaru LGA of Anambra State have brutalised a serving member of the National Youth Service Corps. According to the victim, Miss Akinlabi: “On 17th of September 2020 by 2:00am, a team of people broke into our compound claiming to be SARS and searching for yahoo guys.They broke my window net, pointed their torchlight at my face while asleep and commanded me to open the entrance door for them. I was scared to do as commanded because I couldn’t identify who they were.Some of them later broke in by cutting off the burglary. They started assaulting me by slapping and hitting me with cutlasses and sticks.At this point, I was practically naked and had to plead with them to allow me to put on my clothes which they eventually allowed but violated my privacy as I was forced to dress up in their presence.The beating continued after that and I got handcuffed like a common criminal for an offence I knew nothing about. I and another guy in the lodge were taken to their van and they asked us to stand in the rain for hours.They insisted on us giving them money for fuel before we could be released. The following morning, I called my LGI first and my PPA principal and they both asked me to go to the police station to make a report.On getting there, one officer insisted on writing my statement by herself and in her own way. Please note that I never wrote or signed any statement at the police station as the officer refused to allow me to do so.”Akinlabi has called on the Inspector-General of Police, rights groups and the international community to investigate the brutal invasion of her residence and assault against her and bring the officers to book. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Officers of the Nigeria Police Force in Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra State have brutalised a serving member of the National Youth Service Corps while also falsifying her police statement. The corps member, Akinlabi (other names concealed), said the harassment against her began on September 17 after men of… September 22, 2020 In "News" By Grace Obike, Abuja Amnesty International Nigeria has accused the Federal Government of empowering officers of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) to maltreat Nigerians by not holding any of them accountable. It said despite passing the anti-torture bill in 2017, there is continous evidence SARS operatives continue to use torture and… June 26, 2020 In "News" by Alexander O. Onukwue After an explosion in reports of crude and unprofessional conducts, including abuse of power and gross violations of rights of citizens, calls for an end to the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) intensified in the past week. The long-dreaded men in black were the subject of much… December 4, 2017 In "News"