A recent report from the Telegraph has linked Aston Villa with two of Chelsea’s midfielders. Said midfielders come in the form of Ross Barkley and Ruben Loftus-Cheek, both of whom aren’t exactly regular starters at Stamford Bridge. Loftus-Cheek, for example, managed 61 minutes of action in Chelsea’s season opener. But the midfielder, who came under criticism for said display, has seen been omitted from Chelsea’s last two matchday squads – despite the continued absence of Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech. The latest of the Blues’ ties came on Wednesday evening vs Barnsley in the League Cup. Speaking post-Barnsley, Frank Lampard stated that RLC not being the squad was just a choice and shouldn’t be read into too much: Lampard says Rudiger and Loftus-Cheek not being in the squad is just a choice he made and not to read too much into it. He confirms Mendy’s medical is done and, all being well, there should be an announcement in the next 24 hours. #CHEBAR — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) September 23, 2020 However, shortly after that tie, the Telegraph would report that Aston Villa’s Dean Smith is weighing up a bid to sign Ross Barkley on loan. Loftus-Cheek is also understood to be another loan option for Aston Villa. However, owing to Premier League rules, the Midlands-based outfit would only be able to take one Chelsea player on loan. Barkley, like Loftus-Cheek, is something of a fringe star, who has only managed substitute appearances in the Premier League this term. Should Villa indeed opt to sign Barkley, though, the Telegraph claim that Dean Smith’s side would have to pay the midfielder’s wages in full, which are believed to stand at £120,000-a-week: #avfc consider loan move for Chelsea’s Ross Barkley as Dean Smith targets a “No 8”. Ruben Loftus-Cheek a possible alternative option #cfc https://t.co/wA5vzeTlRh — John Percy (@JPercyTelegraph) September 23, 2020 The Telegraph then added that at least eight clubs are interested in taking Loftus-Cheek on loan: Ruben Loftus-Cheek a player in demand with more than eight clubs interested in Chelsea midfielder – @Matt_Law_DT https://t.co/LMgV9DY9gZ — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) September 24, 2020 See also: Brighton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions and odds Lincoln City vs Liverpool FC betting tips: Carabao Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.