The Bauchi State Police Command has arrested a 60-year-old man, Muhammed Dahiru, for allegedly defiled his neighbour’s 5-year-old daughter and suing his father in Nahuta. The suspect allegedly lured the victim into an uncompleted building, where he forcefully had carnal knowledge of her on Saturday, September, 19, 2020. Thereafter threatened to slaughter her if she disclosed his identity. The girl’s dad, Auwalu Isah, disclosed they later discovered the victim sustained virginal injury and was bleeding.After much persuasion, she revealed the identity of the rapist. Meanwhile, the suspect, in connivance with area court Nahuta, served the victim’s father a court summons for case of Defamation of character.However, the alleged rapist was eventually arrested after Mr. Isa filed a police report. Dahiru will soon be charged to court for prosecution. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The suspect is currently in police custody while the victim has been taken to an undisclosed hospital and is receiving proper medical attention. One Taiwo Oyelabi has been arrested by the Lagos State Police Command for reportedly impregnating his 21-year-old daughter.According to the reports, the 50-year-old security guard committed the… April 24, 2018 In "News" Emma Elekwa, Onitsha A 20-year old man, Chikwado Anijiofor has been arrested for allegedly raping his neighbour’s daughter in Ogbudike Okpoko in Anambra state. The Police spokesperson, Haruna Mohammed disclosed this in a statement, saying the suspect had confessed to the crime. He said the Commissioner of Police, John Abang… June 20, 2020 In "News" By Evelyn Usman Policemen attached to Ilasa Division in Lagos have arrested a suspected serial rapist for allegedly defiling a five-year-old girl at Osoyintola area of Ilasamaja. Preliminary investigation, as gathered, revealed that the victim was the sixth minor to be raped by the suspect, identified as Emeka. Emeka, reportedly,… August 7, 2017 In "News"