Two suspected members of a robbery gang that specialized in attacking Uber drivers and snatching their vehicles at gunpoint, have been arrested by policemen in Lagos State. The suspects who posed as passengers, ordered for an Uber ride at about 11.30 pm, last Sunday. While the unsuspecting driver was conveying them to their destination in Ajah, the suspects attacked him with an axe.On reaching Abijo Government Reserved Area, Ibeju Lekki, he lost control of the steering. Thereafter, they put him at the passenger’s corner and zoomed off. The police was alerted by motorists who witnessed the operation.The stolen vehicle was later traced to Mayfair Garden, Ibeju Lekki, where the suspects were arrested and the abducted driver rescued. An axe stained with blood and one knife were recovered from the suspects.The driver, who was seriously injured, is receiving treatment at a hospital within Lagos State. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Uber robbery suspects By Evelyn Usman Two suspected members of a robbery gang that specialized in attacking Uber drivers and snatching their vehicles at gunpoint have been arrested by policemen attached to Area ‘J’ command of the Lagos State Police command. The suspects who posed as passengers, ordered for an… September 23, 2020 In "News" Two robbery suspects have been arrested while trying to steal a Uber vehicle. The pair had earlier killed a Taxify driver in a heist. Former prison inmates, Simon Tyozemda and Lucky Friday, have been prevented from pulling off a car heist in Lagos.The pair who became friends while behind bars… March 21, 2018 In "News" …Arrest three teenagers over traffic robbery The Nigerian Police By Evelyn Usman Two suspected members of a syndicate that specialised in stealing vehicles from churches in Lagos have been arrested. This is just as three teenagers who specialised in attacking motorists trapped in traffic and commuters at bus-stops in Lagos,… January 26, 2020 In "News"