Chelsea have been by far and away the most active Premier League club in the transfer market this window. All of Kai Havertz, Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Ben Chilwell, Thiago Silva and Malang Sarr made the move to Stamford Bridge over the summer. The Blues then confirmed on Thursday that Edouard Mendy had joined the club on a five-year deal. Despite already bringing a plethora of names through the door in recent months, Chelsea do not appear to be done on the transfer front. According to Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea are in talks with Declan Rice’s agent and will open talks with West Ham in the coming days. The Hammers are said to be adamant they will not sell Rice, but Romano claims the midfielder is pushing to join Chelsea. Chelsea have not made any official bid yet for Declan Rice. Talks on with his agent – but now it’s time to sell/loan out players, then #CFC will open talks on next days with West Ham. #WHUFC insist they won’t sell Rice but the player is pushing to join Chelsea. #transfers https://t.co/DuMqm5j9bV — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) September 24, 2020 Though West Ham are apparently not keen to part with Rice, could they need to sell the Englishman to help balance the books? If reports of the Londoners’ bid for Wesley Fofana prove true, then that may indeed be the case. Fofana is a 19-year-old centre-back currently plying his trade in Ligue 1 with St Etienne, with whom he has made 29 senior appearances. Despite his tender years and lack of experience, the Evening Standard are reporting that West Ham have tabled an offer worth up to £36m for the stopper: West Ham make £36m bid for St Etienne centre-back Wesley Fofana @JackRosser_ https://t.co/w75vC0V9ta — standardsport (@standardsport) September 24, 2020 See also: Brighton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions and odds Lincoln City vs Liverpool FC betting tips: Carabao Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.