It’s been quite obvious for some time now that Manchester City are in the market for a right-sided centre-back. The club did recently signed Nathan Ake, but the left-footed Dutchman will likely be back-up to Aymeric Laporte. This leaves John Stones, Nicolas Otamendi and Javi Garcia (who is leaving within the next 12 months) to partner Laporte. As a result, City are, unsurprisingly, being linked with other right-footed stoppers in the current window. So far, all of Kalidou Koulibaly, Jules Kounde, Diego Carlos and Jose Gimenez have been tipped for an Etihad switch. However, recent reports on the latter of that quartet suggested that City had not bid for Gimenez as Atletico Madrid would only sell for his release clause, believed to stand at £109m. And the Manchester powerhouse are unwilling to pay it: Koulibaly – talks still on. Upamecano is a complicated target on this summer. No bid for José Gimenez [release clause or nothing and #MCFC at the moment won’t pay it]. — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) September 14, 2020 Despite this, Atletico Madrid’s president has recently claimed that City have made an offer for the Uruguayan. Speaking on El Transistor podcast recently, Enrique Cerezo claimed that Man City had bid €85m for Gimenez: “We did receive the offer. But Gimenez is a magnificent player and we are interested in having magnificent players in the team.” Quotes via Goal. However, reports from England on Thursday suggest these comments may not be true. According to the Sun’s Martin Blackburn, Man City are surprised by reports they have bid £78m for Gimenez. Blackburn adds that the Citizens are interested in the Atletico stopper, but have not made a bid yet: #Mcfc surprised by reports of a £78m bid for Giminez. Interest in player but no bid yet. Won’t be paying that kind of money for anyone. — Martin Blackburn (@SunMartinB) September 24, 2020 See also: Brighton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions and odds Lincoln City vs Liverpool FC betting tips: Carabao Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.