CribMD – We are a Telemedical solutions and digital outreach company providing medical health care accessibility by offering low cost medical services from online to door-step outreach. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Locations: Lagos, Abuja, Ibadan – Oyo, Port-Harcourt – Rivers, Benin – Edo, Kano, Asaba – Delta, and Kaduna Company OverviewThe CribMD experience brings preventive, primary, and urgent care to a patient’s doorstep. We empower our medical teams to develop deep patient relationships through unhurried visits, comprehensive care, and immersion in the patient’s home environment. We invest heavily in the patient experience while minimizing overhead and paperwork, and through this model we have achieved some of the highest patient satisfaction scores in the industry and 5 star ratings on care gap closures. Job Description A day in the life of a CribMD physician: Skills & Requirements Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Medical Doctor at CribMD – 8 Openings appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Lily Hospitals Limited, established since 1984 remains one of the Foremost hospitals in Nigeria and within the South-South region of the country. It is the first private hospital in Nigeria to achieve ISO 9001:2000 quality management system certification from the Standards Organization of Nigeria (SON). We are also consistently committed… July 10, 2019 In "Jobs" Leading healthcare services provider SYNLAB Nigeria, has held its 10th ‘Doctors on Air’ Medical Mission in Ilupeju, Lagos, on August 17, 2019. The medical outreach, which was organised in partnership with other healthcare providers and foundations, is an annual event designed to give back to society. At the event, SYNLAB… August 22, 2019 In "News" Dr Reem Osman is the Chief Executive Officer CEO, of the Saudi German Hospital, SGH, Dubai. In this interview, she speaks on how  the hospital intends to boost healthcare services for Nigerians, its training programmes for Nigerian doctors, plans to establish the hospital in the country, and how the hospital… November 19, 2017 In "News"