Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business  advisory and market intelligence services firm. Our objectives are to assist organizations to achieve their growth aspirations by providing market intelligence, strategy blueprint, IT solution delivery expertise and business operation improvement capabilities. GVA Partners is also a leading name within the recruitment industry. We have built our reputation on over the years by understanding the markets, businesses and individuals within the markets we work with and this has enabled us to deliver seamless and comprehensive recruitment solutions We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: LagosEmployment Type: Full-time Responsibilities Job Requirements Application Closing Date1st October, 2020. The post Demand and Capacity Specialist at Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business advisory and market intelligence services firm. Our objectives are to assist organizations to achieve their growth aspirations by providing market intelligence, strategy blueprint, IT solution delivery expertise and business operation improvement capabilities. We are recruiting to fill the following positions… September 24, 2020 In "Jobs" Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business advisory and market intelligence services firm. Our objectives are to assist organizations to achieve their growth aspirations by providing market intelligence, strategy blueprint, IT solution delivery expertise and business operation improvement capabilities. We are recruiting to fill the position below:… June 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business advisory and market intelligence services firm. Our objectives are to assist organizations to achieve their growth aspirations by providing market intelligence, strategy blueprint, IT solution delivery expertise and business operation improvement capabilities. We are recruiting to fill the following positions… June 9, 2020 In "Jobs"