 The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to come down from his high horse and listen to advice from eminent Nigerians, urging him against allowing the nation to tumble from the cliff under his watch. In a statement on Sunday, the party the Buhari Presidency is worsening the sorry state in which it has plunged the nation by choosing to haul insults on Nigerians, including former President Olusegun Obasanjo. It said the former President only called on the Buhari administration to end its divisive, suppressive and insensitive style of leadership that has ruined the nation. The statement said: “From its reactions to patriotic counsel, it is clear that the Buhari Presidency has become bereft of the fundamentals of governance as well as overwhelmed by its own failures and burden of guilt for the disunity, bloodletting and anguish that have enveloped our nation in the last five years. “It is incontrovertible that the Buhari administration is leading Nigeria into a failed state, where citizens are not guaranteed of their safety; cannot afford the basic necessities of life and where governance has been crippled by incompetence, unbridled nepotism, promotion of injustice, executive high handedness, abuse of human right, disobedience to court orders, brazen violation of constitutional provisions, acute corruption and violent muscling of elections. “Under Buhari, all sectors of our national life are in shambles; the productive sectors have been crippled; the nation has been pushed into the reverse gear; bandits, insurgents and marauders are freely ravaging communities and our citizens live in constant fear and extreme poverty. “Indeed, never in the history of our nation has the situation been this pathetic. “While President Buhari recedes in the comfort and safety of the Presidential villa and reneged in his promise to lead from the front, Nigeria is being pushed to the fringes by marauders who are pillaging our citizens in various parts of our country, including Mr. President’s home state of Katsina. “Furthermore, it smacks of shamelessness for the Buhari administration to be talking about corruption in PDP’s subsidy regime, when it has been caught neck-deep in unprecedented oil corruption that had ruined our economy, turned our nation into the poverty capital of the world and put our citizens in a dire strait. “Nigerians know it as a fact that before he was elected President, General Buhari, as he was then known; a former minister of Petroleum Resources, had publicly told Nigerians that subsidy was a fraud and that it never existed. “Five years down the line, trillions of naira have been discovered to have been stolen under the subsidy regime of an administration over which he presides. “Today, life has become traumatising for Nigerians as resources from the sale of crude oil have either been wasted or stolen by officials of the Buhari administration. “Furthermore, it is undebatable that the biggest achievement of constitutional amendment in modern administration of our country is the entrenchment of a credible electoral process, which enabled President Buhari to win election in 2015 from an opposition standpoint. Unfortunately, this noble achievement is being washed away in five years under the watch of President Buhari. “It therefore amounts to pretending to sanctimony for President Buhari to be preaching on term limit, whereas, his administration has done everything possible, broken all known democratic norms and rules to debase credibility in our elections. “Our party implores President Buhari to pause, think of Nigeria and its people and heed wise counsel to save our nation from an imminent collapse, which this idling administration has foisted on all our people”.  Original Article