A number of updates surrounding the current situation at Barcelona have come to the fore online this weekend. Ongoings at the Camp Nou have of course taken centre stage in the media of late. The Blaugrana’s humiliating Champions League exit at the hands of Bayern Munich last month sparked a major chain of events, the most noteworthy of which came in the form of Lionel Messi demanding a departure from his long-time club. The Argentine has of course since confirmed that he is in fact set to stay put for the season ahead, albeit not exactly by choice. WORLD EXCLUSIVE Lionel Messi will NOT be leaving Barcelona, we can confirm. We sat down with the man himself to clear up a few things Here’s what he had to say: pic.twitter.com/NfnhGpZpXc — Goal (@goal) September 4, 2020 One individual who did move on, though, was Quique Setien. The Spaniard has been replaced on the Camp Nou bench by former Barca star Ronald Koeman, who has wasted little time in making it known exactly which members of the club’s squad he does not intend to make use of moving forward. Ivan Rakitic, for example, has already been moved on to Sevilla. Both Luis Suarez and Arturo Vidal, meanwhile, are widely reported to have been informed that they are surplus to requirements in Catalunya, whilst Samuel Umtiti has been tipped as a potential makeweight in a deal for Lyon attacker Memphis Depay. And, if the first official squad list opted for by Ronald Koeman is anything to go by, then it certainly appears that the media chatter surrounding the aforementioned trio has proven accurate. The Blaugrana are set to take to the pitch later today, in the first of the club’s pre-season fixtures. And, significantly, none of Suarez, Vidal or Umtiti have been selected to feature. There is also no place for Rafinha, though all of Messi, Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele have been called up: #Culers, here is your squad for the first match of the preseason!  #BarçaNastic pic.twitter.com/DvLtMRPiFT — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) September 12, 2020 In other Barca-related news, meanwhile, a change has been forthcoming for Antoine Griezmann. The Frenchman will of course be hoping for an improved season this time around, after often flattering to deceive during a difficult debut campaign at the Camp Nou. And, as confirmed this weekend, he will attempt to do so whilst donning a new jersey number. Upon his arrival at Barcelona last summer, the 7 shirt, which Griezmann had occupied for the prior 9 seasons of his career, was under the ownership of Philippe Coutinho. And whilst the Brazilian, in the end, of course moved on to Bayern Munich on a year-long loan, Griezmann was nevertheless handed the unfamiliar no. 17. But, as outlined above, despite his presence in the plans of new boss Ronald Koeman, Coutinho has agreed to give up his previous squad number, to allow Griezmann to return to his favoured no. 7 for the coming campaign: Nº  @AntoGriezmann https://t.co/wsjo0AvmeF — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) September 12, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Eric Abidal this morning provided an update on the future of Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde, hinting that a decision on the Spaniard’s future beyond this season will lie with him. Barca struggles Spanish champions Barcelona have endured a somewhat-perplexing start to the season. The Blaugrana currently sit joint-top the La… November 17, 2019 In "Sports" Antonio Conte said he believed Lionel Messi will remain at Barcelona for the rest of his playing days after watching the Argentine maestro destroy Chelsea’s Champions League hopes. Barcelona players Messi, 30, scored twice and set up a goal for Ousmane Dembele as Barca beat Chelsea 3-0 at the Camp… March 15, 2018 In "News" Following the news that Brazilian football star Neymar is on his way out of his current club, Paris Saint -Germain, top clubs from around Europe are preparing a bid to acquire his talents. One of the top contenders to sign Neymar is his former club from Spanish La Liga, FC… August 23, 2019 In "News"