Leicester got their 2020/21 League Cup campaign underway on Wednesday. The Foxes have won the competition three times throughout their history, last doing so back in 2000. However, with a top manager and strong squad at their disposal, Leicester will have no doubt fancied their chances of at least making it to this season’s final. Unfortunately for Brendan Rodgers and co. Leicester would fall at the first hurdle. Leicester faced off with Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal in the 3rd round of Wednesday. And though the games was pretty even, it would be the Gunners who emerged with a 2-0 victory. Some good work down the right-flank from Nicolas Pepe just before the hour mark saw Christian Fuchs turn the ball into his own net. Eddie Nketiah then killed the game off with a 90th-minute strike. As well as being knocked out of the League Cup, Leicester were also dealt a blow on the injury front yesterday. Wilfred Ndidi is a key cog in Leicester’s midfield and had started their first two league games of the campaign. However, the Nigerian was completely omitted from the matchday squad on Wednesday. Rodgers would provide an explanation for his absence post-match, stating Ndidi has suffered an abductor injury which could rule him out for 12 weeks: “We’re just waiting to hear more on that, but he could be anything between six and 12 weeks. It’s an abductor which may have come off the bone. “It’s quite a nasty injury, so we’re waiting to see if he needs an operation or not. If it’s an operation, then he’ll be at least 12 weeks.” Quotes via Leicester’s official website. This is, of course, a huge blow for Leicester, who lost five of the six Premier League ties Ndidi did not feature in last term. See also: Brighton vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions and odds Lincoln City vs Liverpool FC betting tips: Carabao Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Leicester vs Wigan Leicester will get their 2019/20 FA Cup campaign up and running on Saturday. The Foxes will play host to Championship outfit Wigan in the 3rd round as they look to continue their fine start to the season. Leicester are currently flying high in the Premier League, sitting… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Leicester City have this afternoon provided an update on the fitness of star midfielder James Maddison, ahead of the club’s meeting with Southampton. Leicester host Saints The Foxes are set to welcome Ralph Hasenhüttl’s men to the King Power tomorrow afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. Leicester will head… January 10, 2020 In "Sports" Leicester plan to sign 2 new forwards As reported by the Telegraph’s John Percy, Leicester City have ambitions of boosting their attacking options in the summer. It’s claimed that manager Brendan Rodgers wants to sign two new attackers if the Foxes seal qualification to the Champions League. Following a 3-0… July 7, 2020 In "Sports"