Manchester United’s 2020/21 got off to something of a nightmare start when they lost 3-1 vs Crystal Palace. As a result, United will have no doubt been desperate to bounce back against Brighton this past Saturday. When the final whistle blew at the Amex, bounce back is what the Red Devils did. A late, late Bruno Fernandes penalty saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and co. return to Manchester with three points in the bag. However, though securing a win is obviously great news, the manner in which United did it will no doubt be something of a concern. In truth, Brighton actually dominated the visitors and probably should have come away with the win. The Seagulls would even hit the woodwork a staggering five times in the tie, letting United off the hook somewhat. And one man who is seemingly well aware that United got lucky on Saturday is Marcus Rashford. Rashford would score on Saturday and, in doing so, etched his name into the history books as the man who scored United’s 10,000th goal in all competitions. However, after being made aware of said achievement, Rashford instead chose to send something of a warning to his teammates, stating that they most improve if they want to hit their targets for the season: “10,000 goals? It’s funny the way it happened as well, but we have to take things in our stride. “We have to use these three points as motivation to improve and keep getting better. We have to improve if we want to hit our targets for the season. “We had a slow start in the last league game and it’s more important to pick up points. It’s more important that we lost the first league game, we had to win today. “It doesn’t matter how we won, we got the three points and we’ll move forward and improve.” Quotes via Goal. See also: Liverpool vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Liverpool vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Brighton vs Man United The weekend’s Premier League action got underway a short time ago. The first tie of gameweek two saw Manchester United travel to Brighton for a 12:30 PM kick-off. United no doubt headed into the clash desperate to bounce back from their first league outing of the… September 26, 2020 In "Sports" Brighton vs Man United Tuesday’s solitary Premier League clash saw Brighton welcome Manchester United to the Amex. Three points on Tuesday was important for both sides, but most certainly for the away outfit. The Red Devils have been in scintillating form throughout 2020, with a victory over Norwich this past… July 1, 2020 In "Sports" Brighton vs Manchester United There’s one match in the Premier League on Tuesday as Brighton host Man United. Also see: Brighton vs Manchester United live streaming and betting tips. Man United are 6th in the league on 49 points, however a win against Brighton would take them above Wolves on… June 30, 2020 In "Sports"