Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was keen to single Donny van de Beek out for special praise, on the back of the Dutchman’s first outing in the club’s colours this weekend. All-action midfielder van de Beek of course represents the sole major arrival at Old Trafford to this point in the summer. Despite links to some of Europe’s premier players (primarily Jadon Sancho), the Red Devils have largely flattered to deceive on the transfer front, ahead of getting their 2020/21 campaign underway next weekend. As such, it no doubt came as a welcome surprise when, almost out of the blue, speculation began to ramp up last week that United were on the verge of closing a deal for Ajax star van de Beek. The 23-year-old, fresh off the back of another superb campaign at The Johan Cruyff Arena, was evidently identified as the missing piece in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s swiftly-improving midfield puzzle. Ed Woodward and co. therefore wasted little time in pushing a transfer over the line, with van de Beek’s move to Manchester having been made official last Wednesday: VAN  DE  BEEK Welcome to United, @Donny_Beek6! #MUFC — Manchester United (@ManUtd) September 2, 2020 As outlined above, meanwhile, it certainly hasn’t taken the newest arrival at Old Trafford long to make an impression on his new boss. Manchester United took to the pitch for the club’s final pre-season outing on Saturday, ahead of getting their Premier League campaign underway next weekend. The Reds visited Villa Park, for a behind-closed-doors meeting with Aston Villa. Van de Beek was handed a starting berth by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, alongside Scott McTominay in the middle of the park. And, though his side went on to fall to a 1-0 defeat, Solskjaer was nevertheless full of praise for the latest addition to his squad following the full-time whistle. Speaking in a post-match interview with MUTV, the United boss labelled van de Beek ‘the biggest plus’ versus Villa, before highlighting the Dutchman’s impressive ‘timing and movement’: ‘Donny was maybe the biggest plus outfield. He’s such a finder of space and creates time for himself with his timing and movement. I was very happy with his performance.’ Solskjaer gives his verdict on Van de Beek’s debut #mufc https://t.co/0m91tXarqC — Man United News (@ManUtdMEN) September 13, 2020 Bale & Costa tipped as targets as Man United ‘look at Sancho alternatives’ Jose Mourinho confirms Covid cases/Provides explanation for Dele Alli substitution following Everton defeat Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Man United may sign Real Madrid target Donny van de Beek Is it 2019 all over again? Last summer, after Ajax reached the semifinals of the Champions League, Europe’s biggest clubs began dismantling an incredible group of youngsters in Amsterdam. In the last 12 months, Chelsea have signed Hakin Ziyech,… June 7, 2020 In "Sports" Ajax standout Donny van de Beek is just one of many top stars to emerge for Ajax’s superb youth system. The now 22-year-old has spent all of his senior career with the Dutch champions, racking up 164 appearances for their first-team. In those 164 games, van de Beek has scored… January 8, 2020 In "Sports" Ronald de Boer has urged Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to sign Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek for Manchester United, as a potential alternative to Paul Pogba. United legend Edwin Van der Sar confirmed United’s interest in Van de Beek earlier this week, with Ajax lining up an Everton flop as… June 12, 2020 In "Sports"