Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is a consultancy, training and development Institute certified by the various industries in which we operate. Established to support Public & Private Organizations, Oil & Gas personnel as well as their Host Communities, Manufacturing & Production Companies, Energy Companies, Hospitality businesses, and Educational Institutions, we also ensure the closure of skills gaps, advice on current upskilling needs of organizations and generally develop the capacity of Human Resources according to global best practice and standards in order to make sure organizational goals are achieved alongside technology transfer. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Rivers, Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Rivers & Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Rivers & Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Delta & Rivers Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta & Rivers Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Rivers, Delta Deadline: 25th September, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 31st October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Delta Deadline: 31st October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Rivers, Delta Deadline: 31st October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Deadline: 31st October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Deadline: 31st October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Dexterous Applied Training Institute (18 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is a consultancy, training and development Institute certified by the various industries in which we operate. Established to support Public & Private Organizations, Oil & Gas personnel as well as their Host Communities, Manufacturing & Production Companies, Energy Companies, Hospitality businesses, and Educational Institutions, we… September 16, 2020 In "Jobs" (A). Yaliam Press Limited Is a foremost reputable security and commercial printing outfit carrying out wide range of services including industrial publishing, digital/label printing, packaging, security & general printing with full complement of latest equipment in offset and digital printing. Due to expansion, we are desirous of recruiting suitably qualified individuals… September 9, 2019 In "Gists" Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil& Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry… September 9, 2019 In "Gists"