The 4th round of the League Cup draws to a close on Thursday evening. Tottenham have already booked their spot in the last eight after beating Chelsea via penalties on Tuesday. There are also a handful big ties taking place this evening, including Manchester United vs Brighton. Perhaps the biggest clash of the round, though, pits Liverpool against Arsenal at Anfield. Under Mikel Arteta, the Gunners have a decent record against Jurgen Klopp’s men. However, these two heavyweights would face off earlier this week in a league tie. And though Arsenal did cause Liverpool some issues, the reigning Premier League champions would eventually come away with a deserved 3-1 win. As a result, Arsenal probably aren’t looking forward to Thursday’s game too much. However, one positive the Gunners may be able to take is that Jurgen Klopp rarely puts out strong sides in the League Cup. Liverpool are also, as confirmed by Pepijn Lijnders, set to be without some key men for the 4th round tie. Speaking to Liverpool’s official website, the assistant manager confirmed that Jordan Henderosn is set to miss out, though they will reevaluate him before their clash with Aston Villa. Joel Matip is also not set to return until after the international break whilst Kostas Tsimikas will not be involved on Thursday or at the weekend for the Reds: “Jordan, we will reevaluate on Friday after this game to see if he can be ready for Aston Villa. “Joel is the same as what I said last week, he will be ready [after] the international break and use the time to prepare the Everton game. “Ox is progressing well. He’s in a good way and it’s really important for him that this first phase goes smooth. But, of course, that takes a much longer time. “We have Kostas, who after the Lincoln game had a thigh problem. We thought it would settle, it didn’t, so he will need more time. He will not be involved on Thursday and also not on Sunday. “ We will be without Jordan Henderson, Joel Matip and Kostas Tsimikas for tomorrow’s Carabao Cup clash with @Arsenal. Here’s the latest fitness news — Liverpool FC (@LFC) September 30, 2020 See also: Liverpool vs Arsenal betting tips: Carabao Cup preview, predictions & odds Brighton & Hove Albion vs Manchester United betting tips: Carabao Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The season so far The 2018/19 season was great for Premier League football both domestically and in Europe. At home, Manchester City and Liverpool pushed each other to their limits in the battle for the Premier League title. Liverpool earned a staggering 97 points. But it still wasn’t enough to… September 7, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Arsenal Gameweek three of the 2020/21 Premier League season draws to a close on Monday night. The final, and no doubt most anticipated fixture of the day pits Liverpool against Arsenal. With all of Chelsea, Manchester City and Manchester United having already dropped points this season, the early… September 28, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal held by Wolves Arsenal played host to Wolves on Saturday afternoon. Unai Emery’s side headed into the tie in fairly average form, having already dropped some valuable points this campaign against the likes of Watford and Crystal Palace. The Gunners were also knocked out of the League Cup in… November 3, 2019 In "Sports"