Gareth Southgate is ‘seething’ with Kyle Walker and will never pick the Manchester City right-back for England duty again. Walker has been embroiled in controversy this week after it was claimed he paid £2,000 for two sex workers to visit him and a friend at his home during the state-enforced lockdown. The 29-year-old published a video the same day urging people to “to just bite the bullet and think about others rather than yourselves”. The situation has rather understandably left England manager Southgate ‘livid’, with the Daily Star suggesting his international career is over. Walker ‘will never be picked for the Three Lions again’ as long as Southgate is in charge, while City are considering handing out a £250,000 fine for breaking government rules. A club spokesman announced that an internal investigation will be held into the matter, stating: “Manchester City are aware of a story in a tabloid newspaper regarding the private life of Kyle Walker in relation to a breach of the UK lockdown and social distancing rules. F365 FEATURES: Six England players with less chance of playing at Euro 2020 “Footballers are global role models and our staff and players have been working to support the incredible efforts of the NHS and other key workers in fighting the effects of Covid-19, in any way we can. “Kyle’s actions in this matter have directly contravened these efforts. We are disappointed to hear the allegations, note Kyle’s swift statement and apology, and will be conducting an internal disciplinary procedure.” But Southgate sees Walker’s actions as ‘the final straw’ as he ‘will not tolerate those who step out of line and disrespect their profession’. Walker last played for England in the Nations League third-place play-off in June 2019. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post ‘Seething’ Southgate calls time on star’s England career appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. England manager Gareth Southgate has this evening revealed why he opted to call Trent Alexander-Arnold and Kieran Trippier up to his latest squad, rather than Kyle Walker. England’s road ahead The Three Lions’ panel for their upcoming Euro 2020 qualifiers was announced earlier today. Gareth Southgate’s men will first travel… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" Pep Guardiola has challenged Kyle Walker to prove Gareth Southgate wrong after the England manager left him out of his national squad for the second time this season. The post Guardiola urges Man City's Walker to fight for his England place appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria… October 4, 2019 In "News" England’s latest squad The second international break of the 2019/20 season is just around the corner. England will kick their break off on October 11th vs the Czech Republic. The Three Lions will then face off against Bulgaria on Monday the 14th of October. England head into the break top… October 5, 2019 In "Sports"