COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Paul Ince has told Man Utd to sign Atletico Madrid midfielder Saul Niguez in the next transfer window as the Red Devils need more heroes. A report in Spanish publication AS claimed at the beginning of April that Man Utd, who are ‘the most interested’ club, will ‘not pay the clause’ – which stands at €150m (£131m) – and are instead only willing to stump up €80m (£70m). Saul is three years into a nine-year contract but Atletico have been trying to get the midfielder to discuss new terms that would increase that release clause. GOSSIP: Klopp calls PSG star’s dad over £175m Liverpool switch “What United fans want is exciting players and heroes in their team,” Ince told the Daily Star. “There hasn’t been enough of those in recent years at United. You look at Manchester City. They’ve got Sergio Aguero, Kevin De Bruyne and David Silva – at least three legends. “It’s the same now with Liverpool. United don’t have that at the moment. I’ve watched Niguez for the last two or three years and I really like him. “He’s got a lovely build and can score some special goals. There’s a culture about him and he’s still young with plenty of potential.” Another former Man Utd player also recently gave their blessing to a pursuit of Niguez, with Rio Ferdinand keen on the “lovely conductor”. Ferdinand told a live Q&A on Instagram: “I don’t want Pogba to go but if he does go I’d take Saul Niguez all day long. Not like-for-like but still a top player. “What a player. I’ve been harping on about Saul Niguez for a few years now. “I think he’s a major player. Composed, calm, great left foot, lovely conductor, he can score goals, tactically he’s very aware. You can see Simeone, he gets his teams really well set up and he’s in the middle orchestrating and dictating things.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Ince tells Man Utd to sign £70m midfielder with a ‘lovely build’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester United don’t want to pay over €80m for Atletico Madrid midfielder Saul Niguez, according to reports in Spain. The Daily Star claimed on Monday that there’s a growing belief at Man Utd that they can land Niguez. Apparently, Ed Woodward is confident of getting a deal done which would see the… April 2, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): One player ‘ticks all the right boxes to play alongside Bruno Fernandes’. Man United will struggle to get the other. SAUL IN THE DETAILS The gossip column rather enjoys the idea that Man United ‘secretly sent scouts’ to Anfield last month. They could have watched Atletico Madrid beat… April 15, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool are set to make a nice big profit on one of their fringe players, while Manchester United and Arsenal suffer a transfer market blow… LIVERPOOL TO MAKE BIG PROFIT Liverpool are reportedly set to double their money when they attempt to sell Xherdan Shaqiri this summer. The Switzerland international,… March 29, 2020 In "Sports"