Ike Chuks – Igbotic (EP) Ike Chuks (pronounced Iyke Chooks) is a UK-born Nigerian rapper/singer with a selection of previously released singles and project. With a career birthed in London, the rapper has carved a niche for himself with a unique style of storytelling in pidgin English, his native Igbo language as well as proper English. He has previously recorded collaborations with acts like Ycee, Moelogo, Krishane and Dotman, for his biggest release yet. This ingenious and original niche has given birth to an outstanding extended play titled “Igbotic“. SEE ALSO: Jayslot – The First Dimension (Album) “Igbotic” is the rapper’s second body of work, and sees him performing to the best of his strengths; a very catchy mix of U.K Afro Swing, delivered in Afro-pop blend of English, pidgin and Igbo language. On the extended play “Igbotic“, Ike Chuks can be heard demystifying a popular stereotype about people from the Igbo tribe, one of Nigeria’s ethnic groups, by making resonating music in his own unique Igbo style. This symmetry in creativity and artiste branding, is very evident in the warm green theme colours of the project, as the colour green represents one of Nigeria’s main exports, agriculture, as well as doubles as the country’s official colour. The 5-track E.P which features collaborations from contemporary music acts has the hallmarks of a modern cultural reset. Check it out below and share your thoughts. GET IT ON DIGITAL STORES The post Ike Chuks – Igbotic (EP) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Ike Chuks (pronounced Iyke Chooks) is a UK-born Nigerian rapper/singer with a selection of previously released singles and project. With a career birthed in London, the rapper has carved a niche for himself with a unique style of storytelling in pidgin English, his native Igbo language as well as proper… April 3, 2020 In "Music/Video" UK-born Nigerian rapper and singer Ike Chuks has released his second body of work titled “Igbotic.” On Igbotic, Ike demystifies popular tropes and stereotypes about Igbo people by making resonating music in his own unique Igbo style. The 5-track E.P which features collaborations from contemporary music acts like BOJ and Mystro. Listen… April 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" Pherowshuz – King David (Mixtape) Pherowshuz drops his debut for the year, a new mixtape titled “King David.” Nigerian rapper and music producer, Pherowshuz has released a brand new mixtape which he titled “King David.” SEE ALSO: Justice Bangura – Sound In Motion (EP) However, the “King David” mixtape serves… April 3, 2020 In "Music/Video"