Ex- Liverpool goalkeeper and Aston Villa loanee Pepe Reina, revealed in an interview with Italian sports daily Corriere Dello Sport, his two week battle with the coronavirus COVID-19. Reina said: “The most difficult moment was when I could no longer breathe, the 25 minutes I ran out of oxygen. It was the worst moments of my life. “I don’t miss the company as it’s me, my wife Yolanda, five children and two in-laws. The house is big and loneliness has no access to my home. “I was very tired after experiencing the first symptoms of the virus. A fever, dry cough and a headache that never left me – it was just that constant feeling of tiredness. “The only real fear I had was when I understood that there was no oxygen: endless minutes of fear, as if suddenly my throat had closed. “As a result, I spent the first six or eight days indoors.” Fortunately, Reina confirmed he has seen the worst of the infection, saying: “I am winning the battle against coronavirus only now.” The three-time Premier League golden glove winner joins a list of high profile football personalities that have battled the COVID-19 coronavirus. He joins fellow Spaniard and Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta who has since recovered, Chelsea’s Callum Hudson-Odoi, Juventus trio of Daniel Rugani, Blaise Matuidi, and Paulo Dybala, who described similar symptoms to those suffered by the Spanish goalkeeper. “I developed strong symptoms, but today I already feel much better,” he told his club’s official YouTube account, per football-Italia. “Now I can move better, walking and trying to train. I could hardly breathe, I couldn’t do anything after five minutes. “My muscles ached. Fortunately, Oriana and I are better now.” Vanguard The post COVID-19: Pepe Reina describes “worst moments of my life” in battle appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Aston Villa goalkeeper Pepe Reina believes he has just overcome coronavirus. The former Spain international is self-isolating after becoming ill last week. The United Kingdom is on lockdown to prevent the spread of the virus and Reina suspects he had it despite not being tested. “Last week it was my… March 24, 2020 In "Sports" The shot-stopper, who is on loan from AC Milan, says he is only now starting to win his battle against Covid-19 Source: Goal March 31, 2020 In "Gists" Tottenham Hotspur’s South Korean striker Son Heung-Min (C) scores his team’s third goal past Aston Villa’s Spanish goalkeeper Pepe Reina (R) during the English Premier League football match between Aston Villa and Tottenham Hotspur at Villa Park in Birmingham, central England on February 16, 2020. (Photo by Justin TALLIS /… February 16, 2020 In "News"