Art Cover for “Ayo Remix” Gifted Nigerian gospel singer-songwriter and  Macmomoh Music recording artist Bee Cee Moh delivers an Afro-fusion remix of her well-received single “AYO,” accompanied by a live performance video. On this groovy “AYO (REMIX),” Bee Cee Moh teams up with uber-talented Nigerian gospel artist Tosin Bee who brought extra heat to the hot track with his Hip-Fuji signature sound. The new single and video was recorded live at Azusa Studios, Lagos Nigeria. Originally released in 2018 from her debut “iTAGG” album, AYO (which means JOY) is a prophetic, prayerful and praise song that reassures us of God’s transforming power in our lives. It’s also a testimony of His (God) love and goodness. AYO (REMIX) is a cross-genre hit; mixing Afropop with Fuji (which mandates the essence of African percussion), finely blended with contemporary elements for a very addictive tune. The track was produced by Dara Magic, Mixed/mastered by Sokaymix and Video directed by Olumide Adenaike. The Lagos-based anointed songstress ‘Bee Cee Moh’ has also hinted at more releases forthcoming as she gears up towards a new project later this year. WATCH THE LIVE PERFORMANCE VIDEO OF “AYO” REMIX DOWNLOAD AUDIO CONNECT with Bee Cee ‘Moh
Twitter | Instagram | Facebook: @Beeceemoh  The post VIDEO: Bee Cee Moh – AYO Remix (Live) feat. Tosin Bee appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Overview of Yoyo Michael – Ekun Ayo (Official Video) Gospel Artist, Yoyo Michael releases video for hit single, Ekun Ayo Award-winning Gospel sensation and energetic singer, Yoyo Michael shares her story of God’s faithfulness in the just released official video for her trending single “Ekun Ayo”. ”Ekun Ayo”, which means… September 27, 2019 In "Music/Video" Afro reggae/dancehall artist Osazee Moses Wilserhun aka Weirdz started his musical career in 2009 with the release his first single ‘flush posh’. This was followed up by other singles such as For How Long, Payday, Vampire which went on to be his major breakthrough song as it gained massive airplay in the… October 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" Hope you had a great weekend? Are you ready for the new week? As you’re trying to settle into the new week, you are surely looking for things to take your mind off all the stress. Some of the new Naija music videos will give you the ginger you need.… July 8, 2019 In "Music/Video"