Manchester City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne says the 2020-21 season must not be compromised in order to complete the current campaign. With the suspension of English leagues due to the coronavirus set to get extended beyond April 30 when Premier League clubs meet on Friday, the window to complete the current season appears to be getting shorter. There is a clear appetite to play out the remainder of the campaign whenever that is possible, but De Bruyne does not want to see next term affected. “I think waiting so long to make a decision can cause problems for next season,” he told Belgian newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws. “It is not that we have a very long summer break and can just postpone everything. I would be sorry to stop early after such a good season, but if it avoids problems towards next year, it must be done.” It has already been close to a month since the Premier League shutdown and with no resumption in sight the players are set for several months of inaction. De Bruyne insists there must be some form of pre-season before the league can kick back into gear. “I have no idea if we will still play,” he added. “Also in England they want to wait as long as possible with a decision. “But as a footballer that is not clear. You are idle for six weeks, normally you need a preparation of three to four weeks. “If we restart immediately, everyone will be in the treatment room after a few games. That cannot be the intention.” The post De Bruyne against finishing PL season for two reasons… appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Kevin De Bruyne’s injury problem before Wolves Will Kevin De Bruyne be available for Man City on Sunday against Wolves? De Bruyne sustained a groin injury in last weekend’s 3-1 City win at Everton. That injury forced KDB out of Tuesday’s Champions League win against Dinamo Zagreb. On Tuesday, after… October 2, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne doesn’t think he’s “too far” away from challenging for the Ballon d’Or. The Belgium international has been one of the Premier League’s best players over the past few seasons and he’s contributed 18 assists and nine goals in all competitions so far this term.… February 29, 2020 In "Sports" Pep Guardiola’s side could start next season as reigning Premier League champions, despite sitting 25 points behind Liverpool as things stand. A small, falsely gratifying, solace after what has been a season to forget on and off the field for Manchester City. Whether they are playing Champions League football or… March 17, 2020 In "Sports"