Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk says the only match he’s watched back since being in lockdown was one of the first matches he played in Holland. The Dutch defender has been a key cog in Jurgen Klopp’s machine that has steamrolled its way into a 25-point lead at the top of the Premier League, which is currently suspended due to the coronavirus outbreak. Van Dijk started off his career at Eredivisie side Groningen before his path via Celtic and Southampton eventually took him to Liverpool. FEATURE: Jordan Henderson’s story: ‘Ridicule, ridicule, overcompensation’ Van Dijk told Liverpool’s official website: “I don’t watch too much football, to be fair. Especially from this season I didn’t watch any particular game back, if I’m honest. I don’t know why, it’s just how it is. “I saw only one game back of me when I played one of my first games in Holland, that was on TV, when I played at right-back. I couldn’t believe what I was doing at that time! I watched that game back because I was 18 or 19 at the time and I didn’t watch that game back since that time. “It was on TV and I watched it back. I miss watching football and obviously playing football but it’s a bit of a difficult one I think. I didn’t watch any of the Liverpool games this year, I have seen a couple on social media, some highlights – it’s nice to see and a good feeling to get. But, apart from that, not really.” On how he’s been coping, Van Dijk added: “Obviously it has been very surreal, a bit crazy. You have never experienced things like this before, you see these kinds of things in TV shows or films, things that you never really come up against. “The reality is it’s just a crazy time right now. The most important thing is everyone’s safety, that’s the main thing and the most important thing right now. “Yeah (Van Dijk’s family are currently fit and healthy), as long as we’re together, that’s the most important thing. Staying home, staying together and being healthy – that’s the main thing and everyone is coping.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Liverpool’s Van Dijk reveals the only match he’s watched back in lockdown appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Virgil van Dijk claims Liverpool’s “mentality” was to blame for their elimination from the Champions League at the hands of Atletico Madrid. An extra time brace from Marcos Llorente, followed by Álvaro Morata’s late strike, secured Atletico’s path into the quarter-finals and Liverpool’s exit. Virgil van Dijk shared his views… March 12, 2020 In "Sports" Former Chelsea star Frank Leboeuf claims Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk is a “more complete” player than Manchester United hero Nemanja Vidic. Van Dijk has enjoyed another brilliant season for Jurgen Klopp’s side and has played every minute of Liverpool’s league campaign. The Reds have conceded just 21 goals this… March 18, 2020 In "Sports" Unexpected answer from Kompany Former Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has named Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk as the best centre-back in Premier League history. Kompany left the Premier League at the end of last season after 11 incredible years at the Etihad. The Belgian played 360 games, scoring 20… September 11, 2019 In "Sports"