COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 318, deaths 10, recovered 70 Sheffield United have furloughed some permanent and casual staff but will continue to pay them in full. Employees who are unable to perform their regular duties due to the shutdown of football are the ones affected, but the Blades are not currently using the government’s job retention scheme. A club statement read: “Sheffield United Football Club has informed its staff of the decision to furlough some employees who are unable to perform their regular day-to-day duties at this time. “These are predominantly casual employees but include a small number of permanent staff. “The club confirms that permanent and casual staff will continue to be paid in full, despite the challenges of dealing with the impact of Covid-19.” The Blades, who were pushing for Champions League qualification before the coronavirus halted the footballing calendar, have not ruled out using the job retention scheme in the future. The statement added: “Those furloughed have been given the green light to sign up for the NHS volunteering scheme or similar initiatives in lieu of regular employment at Bramall Lane or other club sites. “Senior officials at the club are aware of the Government’s Job Retention Scheme. At a later date, after the full financial impact of the situation can be more accurately quantified, the club will assess whether or not to participate in the JRS. “All at Sheffield United Football Club would also like to pass on the best wishes to everyone, locally, nationally and internationally, affected by the current pandemic.” The post Sheffield United furlough ‘some’ staff but make pay pledge appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Sheffield United are reported to be planning to furlough non-playing staff during the Premier League shut-down. The Blades will become the latest club to take such measures – though Liverpool on Monday reversed their decision to use the government’s worker retention scheme due to a public backlash. Tottenham, Newcastle, Norwich… April 7, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Premier League side Sheffield United on Saturday said they were furloughing some permanent and casual staff but will continue to pay them in full during their enforced leave. The post Sheffield United furlough staff on full pay appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria and World… April 11, 2020 In "News" Former players Jamie Carragher and Stan Collymore turned on Liverpool after the Premier League leaders became the fifth top-flight club to announce they have furloughed some non-playing staff during the coronavirus pandemic. The PA news agency understands around 200 staff, whose work is effectively idle during the Premier League suspension,… April 5, 2020 In "News"