COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Joe Gomez has spoken effusively of his partnership with Liverpool centre-half Virgil van Dijk. Gomez and Van Dijk have formed a wonderful union at the heart of the Liverpool defence, with the pair establishing themselves as Jurgen Klopp’s first choice. Van Dijk has been typically excellent but so too has Gomez, who has won each of his last 25 Premier League appearances, dating back to November 2018. Gomez has paid tribute to the Dutchman and their “understanding”. “I’ve said it before but obviously, the stature of Virgil when he came to the club was obviously massive, I was just a young centre-back, hadn’t really got as much games there as I would’ve liked,” he told Sky Sports. “As soon as he came in he had open arms and we get on really well. “Off the pitch we have a great relationship, just casually speaking about general things and life. That helps on the pitch when you just have that understanding and he’s your mate at the end of the day. “Sometimes he gives me an earful but it’s a massive help and a confidence boost, just having someone like him beside you. When there’s a one-on-one battle you know he’s going to dominate. He doesn’t lose headers at all. “That’s not just me and the team, it’s the stadium. I think when Virg goes down there’s a bit of a gasp and a worry. “When Virgil’s there he’s a real dominant force. He’s an incredible influence on me and someone I can look up to. He doesn’t have many flaws at all.” Gomez also spoke fondly of influential former Manchester United, Leeds and West Ham defender Rio Ferdinand, with whom he shares some stylistic similarities. “Just being a teenager I looked up to that pedigree of Premier League football, that top-level centre-half,” he said. “Also, him just being from south-east London as well was another thing that made me look up to him. “It’s that style of player that I like and aspire to be like.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Gomez admits Liverpool ‘worry’ over ‘massive help’ Van Dijk appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Van Dijk’s Liverpool stint Virgil van Dijk made the switch to Liverpool from Southampton in January of 2018. Since joining the Merseyside powerhouse, van Dijk’s rise to one of the best defenders in Europe has been dramatic. The Dutchman helped transform a previously shaky Liverpool backline into one of the… November 12, 2019 In "Sports" Jamie Carragher has picked his Premier League team of the season and named seven Liverpool players. The Sky Sports pundit picked an entire Liverpool back four, Jordan Henderson in midfield and two of the Reds’ front three. The only interlopers were Sheffield United’s Dean Henderson in goal, Manchester City pair… April 7, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk has revealed that he “wasn’t good enough” to be a centre-back during his youth career. Van Dijk has proven an immensely popular figure at Anfield since joining from Southampton in 2018, narrowly missing out on beating Lionel Messi to the Ballon d’Or last year after inspiring… April 6, 2020 In "Sports"