COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Dimitar Berbatov has explained how he recommended that Man Utd should sign Anthony Martial after a club scout asked him his opinion. The Red Devils signed Martial from Monaco in a deal that could rise to £57.6m in the summer of 2015, with the initial up front payment standing at £36m. Berbatov was playing for Monaco at the time and was witnessing Martial‘s talent first-hand when Man Utd’s head scout rang him up. MAILBOX: Why would Man United need more midfielders? The former Man Utd striker said: “The United head scout called me, he was like: ‘Berbs, we are looking at this kid Martial and wanted to ask what you think.’ “I told him this boy is unbelievable, the things he can do. He can be a great player, he just needs someone to guide him on the pitch. Of course, I’m still waiting for my commission!” On Martial and the possibility of restarting the Premier League, Berbatov added: “In the case of Martial, to get going again and get a goal will give him even more confidence, especially for a striker. “But like any other player, the most important thing now is to stay fit, know when to push hard and slowdown in training because when you have so many games you need to know when to save your energy. The last thing he and the club needs is to pick up another injury.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Berbatov explains role he had in huge £57.6m Man Utd signing appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Dimitar Berbatov doesn’t think Jadon Sancho will have to “think twice” if Manchester United come calling this summer. Borussia Dortmund have slapped a £120million price tag on Sancho with Man Utd and several other clubs heavily linked with a move for the England international. The Evening Standard claimed on Thursday… March 27, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The chances of Liverpool signing Timo Werner are weighed up in one German newspaper, while a Man Utd forward is the subject of interest… LIVERPOOL’S WERNER CHANCES Liverpool have been given a 65% chance of signing RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner by SportBild (via Sport Witness), much higher… April 18, 2020 In "Sports" Former Manchester United striker, Dimitar Berbatov has picked his preferred Red Devils main No.9 striker between Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford. Man United sold Striker Romelu Lukaku to Inter Milan on transfer deadline day and their efforts to sign a replacement for the Belgium international proved unsuccessful. DAILY POST recalls… August 10, 2019 In "News"