Kwesi Arthur  Top songs never stops because the music grind never stops, which means every week we’ll definitely see brand new songs released from every corner of Africa and that includes Ghana, and from some of our favorite top GH acts such as Kwesi Arthur, Darkovibes, Shatta Wale and so on, as well as new cats looking to catch their big break. This past week was actually an amazing week for Ghana music. It saw two full projects from a talented artist and a talented producer, an “April fool” themed joint, and more. Here at NotJustOk, we bring you a few picks of the top songs that came out from Ghana this past week. Tunes are never in short supply. Check them out below. Enjoy!  This week, Ghanaian rapper singer and songwriter Darkovibes presented his debut album, titled ‘Kpanlogo’. It’s an impressive offering, a 14 track selection of  afrobeats, hiplife, and trap, boasting guest features by Mugeez of R2Bees, Peruzzi, Runtown, Stonebwoy, Kwesi Arthur, Joey B, Mr Eazi and more. There’s tons of good listening on the album, so dig in and take your pick! However, a personal fave of ours is “Wish Me Luck”.  This week Ghanaian rap superstar and “Grind Day” hitmaker Kwesi Arthur blessed us with a sweet tune. This one right here is titled “Turn On The Lights”, and the Yung D3mz production sees the rapper skating in a melodious singing voice all over the smooth mid-tempo afrobeats tune.  Ghanaian dancehall singer Shatta Wale never fails to come through with the humorous cuts. This one right here came out on the first of April, and it’s aptly titled “April Fool”. “April Fool” is an afrobeats dance tune filled with amusing lyrics, which the singer dropped along with an animated video.  Ghanaian record producer and disk jockey GuiltyBeatz dropped his debut project this week, a 6 track EP titled ‘Different’. ‘Different’ is a short but sweet offering full of danceable rhythms, from his signature afrobeats sound to the buzzing South African genre “Amapiano”. Another collection of great listening, and it’s seamless with no interruptions! Our favorite pick from the project is “Uthando” featuring Nonso Amadi.  Ghanaian dancehall titan Stonebwoy  is back once again this week with another offering in the run leading up to his album, and this one is titled “Understand”. It’s a collaboration featuring Jamaican dancehall songstress Alicai Harley, and it sees her and the singer trade verses on the bouncy dancehall production. The post Top Ghana Songs of the Week: Kwesi Arthur – Darkovibes – GuiltyBeatz appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 