COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 As Germany takes the first steps to lift its lockdown, by allowing some smaller non-essential shops to reopen the CEO of 24 Spring Option, Richard Don Philip, better known as Richard Phillz has requested his fellow Germans to refrain themselves from any action that contravenes COVID-19 precautionary measures. Richard, a 31-year-old who is originally from Berlin, Germany, but relocated to the USA after graduation from College also praises Germany’s government for taking the right steps in ensuring Germans begin the process of recovery from the effect of the ongoing pandemic. The easing of measures comes as Germany economy officially entered recession last week. “The Coronavirus is indeed a pandemic that has put the world on still but I am hopeful we will overcome. Meanwhile, I advise everyone out there to take precautionary measures”
“The federal and state governments have strongly recommended that Germans wear face masks when shopping and on public transport, and some states have even made that compulsory. I totally support this move. We have to jointly conquer the COVID-19 battle,” he stated. Richard Phillz who is currently self-employed, running a business which deals in trading forex, binary and coaching, sheds more light on his plans and inspiration.
He said, “I teach clients how to handle personal trading charts and I has over one million clients worldwide who are currently learning from different trading tricks from me.
I plan to take the crypto world to the next level before the end of 2020. I am actually working on something but I don’t want to unveil it for now
My mentor in the game has always been Grant Cordone. He has learned a lot of business strategies by reading his books and they are quite inspiring.
In addition, I work with the best team and well-trained traders. I am always very careful while making recruitments. So, my busy schedule does not affect my business in any way.
I also need to state this, I rate my country of business; USA to be 100% because it is a good place to actualize dreams and help people achieve their dreams too.”
Also speaking on the challenges of running a such kind of business, Richard Phillz notes that he had a hard time starting up trade, as he lived from proceeds he got from selling drugs, “not until I went online to try to learn new business ideas on YouTube. I saved up capital to begin a trade, at first, I made lot of losses but it was all worth it at the end. I made a decision that I wanted to start talking responsibility for my life and do something great with it, so I got off drugs, cleaned up my act, and committed to achieving at astronomical levels.” He continued, “Whatever challenges you have gone through or are currently going through, I want to encourage you to make a decision to take personal responsibility for them and decide, right now, that you want a better life and are willing to do everything you can to turn it around.
It’s not easy. Never before have the challenges and risks in life loomed so large; but never before have the potential payoffs been so huge. That’s why they’re called challenges. But that hard work, perseverance, and commitment will lead to great things once you’re on the other side of them. One thing I realized is that if you weren’t up for the challenge, you wouldn’t have it. Each challenge you have is uniquely yours and because of that, you can get past it.” Richard Phillz was born into the family of Mr and Mrs Aterus Phiip. He was the only child of his parents and grew up as good kid. He was not born into a wealthy background but his parents did all they could to make sure their only child becomes successful in life. Richard had his basic education in public schools in Germany and his high school was in Ramstein high school, Germany. He was one of the most intelligent kids in school and he was fortunate to obtain a scholarship to college. He had his college education at the imperial college in London. After college education, he relocated to the United States of America where he was able to further his education and bagged an Associate degree in the Harvard Business School. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. President Muhammadu Buhari addressing the nation on the COVID-19 pandemic, March 29, 2020. President Muhammadu Buhari’s  two-week shutdown order in Lagos, Abuja and Ogun State, action in the right direction. Recall that President Buhari, in a presidential broadcast on the COVID-19 pandemic, on Sunday, said: “Based on the advice of… March 30, 2020 In "News" The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB)  has called on Nollywood stakeholders  to  promote government’s precautionary measures  against the spread of coronavirus pandemic. The Executive Director of NFVCB, Mr Adebayo Thomas, made  the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday  in Abuja. According… April 5, 2020 In "News" Senator Adeola Olamilekan, Chairman, Senate Committee on Finanace By Henry Umoru CHAIRMAN, Senate Committee on Finance, Senator Solomon Adeola, All Progressives Congress, APC, Lagos West has donated the sum of N50 Million as palliative to be shared to his constituents following the outbreak of the Coronavirus, COVID-19 pandemic that is… April 7, 2020 In "News"