COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 343, deaths 10, recovered 91 Roy Keane thinks Bruno Fernandes’ “arrogance” is one of the main reasons that he is thriving at Man Utd. The 25-year-old has quickly become a fan favourite at Manchester United following his £65million move from Sporting Lisbon in January, with three goals and four assists already to his name. And Keane has been encouraged at how quickly Fernandes has settled at Old Trafford and reckons his “very good personality” has helped him. FEATURE: Five Premier League title winners now for sale “We often talk about players taking time to settle at a club – it’s not taken him long has it?” Keane told Sky Sports. “He seems a very good personality. It’s obviously a huge move for him, but he seems to be enjoying it. He’s got a little bit of arrogance about him.” On his time so far at Man Utd, Fernandes recently told MUTV: “For me, the most important was obviously the confidence of the coach. I need to know I am backed from the coach, because sometimes when you change club, not every time the coach wants you,” said Fernandes. “Not like I need to come because the coach wants me to play, no, not like this, but I want to feel the confidence from the coach: ‘You come, you are a choice for me and you come. I need you, I want you.’ “It’s not like you come and I ask, ‘But I will play?’ No, this for me is not the point. For me, the point is the confidence he has in me. If he has confidence in me, then the rest is working.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Keane identifies Fernandes’ key attribute that’s seeing him thrive at Man Utd appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Roy Keane has slammed David De Gea for his display of “arrogance” at Goodison Park as Everton were gifted an early lead against Manchester United. With absolutely no danger around him, the United keeper dwelled too long on a back pass to blast his clearance straight into Toffees striker Dominic… March 1, 2020 In "Sports" Roy Keane is concerned that Manchester United are overly reliant on Bruno Fernandes after they drew 1-1 with Everton on Sunday. Dominic Calvert-Lewin’s 13th league goal of the season after just three minutes came courtesy of a rebounded De Gea clearance while Fernandes’ superb start to life at Old Trafford… March 2, 2020 In "Sports" Roy Keane claimed his former club should “go after Leicester” in the Premier League table as he explained what a successful season would look like for Manchester United. United have struggled at times during the 2019/20 campaign but a recent surge has seen the club jump to fifth in the… March 1, 2020 In "Sports"