Jurgen Klopp claims he was unsure about Sadio Mane during his “first encounter” with the Liverpool forward but he’s revealed how his perception soon changed. Mane has scored 77 goals in 161 appearances in all competitions for Liverpool, including 18 so far this season, and has been one of the main contributors to Liverpool’s recent success under Klopp. Klopp was on a lookout for a winger during his days as Dortmund boss and met Mane, who was doing well for RB Leipzig, but Klopp wasn’t convinced. FEATURE: F365’s Premier League club-by-club season review: Liverpool Speaking on Made In Senegal, a documentary about Mane, he said: “I remember my first encounter with Sadio. It was in Dortmund. “There was a really young guy sitting there. His baseball cap was askew, the blond streak he still has today. “He looked like a rapper just starting out. I thought, ‘I don’t have time for this’. Our team back then really wasn’t bad. I needed someone who could handle not being a starter at the very beginning, someone I could develop. “I’d say I have a pretty good feeling for people, but was I wrong! I followed his further career and continued success at Salzburg. In Southampton he just dominated.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Klopp reveals doubts over Liverpool’s Mane: ‘I don’t have time for this’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool vs Manchester City Sunday. Anfield. Liverpool take on Man City in the match of the Premier League season so far this weekend. City, who have lost to Wolves and Norwich, are six points behind Liverpool before the game. Liverpool have won 10 matches and drawn once this league campaign.… November 6, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Genk Liverpool and Genk will go head-to-head at Anfield on Tuesday evening. Jurgen Klopp’s side are currently 2nd in their Champions League group, one point adrift of table-topping Napoli. So, the Merseyside powerhouse can’t really afford to drop any points vs Genk. It was the Belgian outfit who… November 4, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted to making the wrong call on deciding to not sign Sadio Mane while he was in charge at Borussia Dortmund. Mane has developed into one of the world’s best players at Anfield over the past 12 months, scoring 22 goals in the Premier League… December 10, 2019 In "News"