COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 UGHELLI – THE Imam of Ekakpamre Mosque in Ughelli South local government area of Delta State, Mohammed Okotie, who was alleged to have violated the lockdown order in the state by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, has denied being on the run. The Imam was alleged to have incited hundreds of Muslim faithful and attempted to attack the Divisional Police Officer, DPO of Otu-Jeremi police station, CSP N. Uzorchukwu who came to the mosque to arrest him last Friday. The state commissioner of police, Hafiz Inuwa, who ordered the arrest of the Imam, also directed his men to fish out worshippers who attended last Friday’s Jumat service in the mosque. Speaking to Vanguard Monday, he said: “Owing to the situation on ground, I only travelled out of town for a while and continued with my prayers of which you know we are currently fasting. “The DPO actually told me that the Area Commander wanted to see me before I travelled, but I will go and see him when I return.” VANGUARD The post COVID-19: Delta Imam wanted for flouting lockdown denies hiding from Police appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Perez Brisibe WHAT appeared to be a clash between hundreds of Muslims and security operatives, was Friday averted after the Imam at the Otu-Jeremi Mosque in Ughelli South local government area of Delta State, Mohammed Okotie, allegedly incited hundreds of worshippers at the mosque in a bid to… April 24, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): By Bashir Bello An Imam of a Friday (Jumaat) mosque, Gwammaja Mosque in Kano State who defied total lockdown the order to conduct the Friday congregational prayers have been arrested in the state. Recall that Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State has declared a total lockdown on… April 18, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Life under coronavirus lockdown in Nigeria is not only changing how people live but also how crime occurs. The restrictions on movement have had a significant impact on how perpetrators of crime operate and now it seems the new trend for robbers is coming out en masse to… April 12, 2020 In "Entertainment"