COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 318, deaths 10, recovered 70 An expert has charged the Federal Government has to increase its investments on research to solve the various medical and other challenges confronting human race in Nigeria. Zakari Aliyu-Suleiman, anaesthesiologist and consultant, University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH) gave the charge on a Radio Kwara interactive programme called the Platform. According to Aliyu-Suleiman, most developed nations strive hard and make breakthrough as a result of their investment on research and commitment towards ensuring adequate medical and health care for the citizenry. He, therefore appealed to the government at all levels to prioritise research in Nigeria. The guest had while admitting that the Nation have the necessary manpower in the health sector to take care of the present Covid 19 challenges, called on the Federal and State governments to take necessary precautionary measures and step up strategies to prevent the explosion and curb the spread of Covid 19. The medical practitioner however, suggested proper monitoring of Covid 19 discharged patients and advised Nigerians to obey and submit themselves to the authority for the Nation to overcome the Coronavirus pandemic. Aliyu-Suleiman commended the initiative of the Faculty of Engineering, Bayero University, Kano for their efforts to develop locally made ventilators, saying that such would help to solve the immediate problems. The Medical expert equally praised the Kwara State Government for fumigating markets and other public places in the state. SIKIRAT SHEHU, Ilorin Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Dr Osahon Enabulele By Chioma Obinna The President, Commonwealth Medical Association, Dr Osahon Enabulele has decried shortage of equipment and critical health experts in the nations siolation centres, urging the Federal Government to deploy more resources to tackle the challenges immediately. Osahon who took a tour of the isolation centres… March 25, 2020 In "News" *Says FG championing illegality *All doctors coming in must be licensed by the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria Medical personnel standing in front of Lagos COVID-19 Isolation centre By Joseph Erunke Nigerian doctors under the aegis of Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors, NARD, have warned of the consequences of… April 5, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Comrade Issa Aremu By Emmanuel Elebeke As the controversy continue to trail the offer of support from China, in the current fight against the rampaging COVID-19, a member of National Institute Kuru Jos Comrade, Issa Aremu has called for caution and unity of purpose in order to win… April 10, 2020 In "News"