COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Arsenal have released a statement to confirm that they they have reached an agreement with players and coaching staff about a pay cut. That statement in full: ‘We are pleased to announce that we have reached a voluntary agreement with our first-team players, head coach and core coaching staff to help support the club at this critical time. ‘The move follows positive and constructive discussions. In these conversations there has been a clear appreciation of the gravity of the current situation caused by the Covid-19 pandemic and a strong desire for players and staff to show their backing for the Arsenal family. ‘Reductions of total annual earnings by 12.5 per cent will come into effect this month, with the contractual paperwork being completed in the coming days. If we meet specific targets in the seasons ahead, primarily linked to success on the pitch, the club will repay agreed amounts. We will be able to make those repayments as hitting these targets, which the players can directly influence, will mean our financial position will be stronger. ‘The agreement is based on the assumption we will finish the season 2019/20 and receive the full broadcasting revenues. The resulting savings will help cover some of the financial risks we have this season in relation to our matchday and commercial income. ‘We are proud and grateful to our players and staff for pulling together to support our club, our people and our community in these unprecedented times which are some of the most challenging we have faced in our history.’ The post Arsenal issue statement on player pay cuts appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Arsenal’s executive team have agreed to cut more than a third of their salary as the club warned it is facing “one of the most challenging periods” in its history on Wednesday. The Premier League has been suspended indefinitely due to strict government guidelines to control the spread… April 16, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Arsenal will not be using the Government’s coronavirus job retention scheme as “productive” pay discussions with players continue during “one of the most challenging periods in our near 134-year history”. Tottenham and Bournemouth have recently followed Liverpool in reversing their controversial decisions to utilise the furlough system and… April 15, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Arsenal’s executive team have agreed to cut more than a third of their salary as the club warned it is facing “one of the most challenging periods” in its history. The Premier League has been suspended indefinitely due to strict government guidelines to control the spread of coronavirus.… April 17, 2020 In "News"