COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 323, deaths 10, recovered 85 Phil Jones has named the five Premier League clubs he turned down to join Man United. Jones moved to Man United from Blackburn in 2012 for £16.5m and went on to become the greatest player in the club’s history. Outside of Sir Alex Ferguson’s premonitions, the defender has actually had the sort of spell that has left him ‘devastated’ at having to reject the opportunity to have a testimonial in 2022. Jones has been plagued by injury problems that have disrupted his Old Trafford stay, with his two Premier League starts this season coming in the 3-3 draw with Sheffield United when he was substituted at half-time, and the 2-0 defeat against Burnley. But the England international was highly rated when breaking through at Ewood Park and had the pick of the Premier League bunch before siding with Man United. Discussing Ferguson with MUTV, Jones said: “He was there for my first two years and he was the one who brought me from Blackburn – I’m forever grateful to him for doing that. “I had offers from other clubs. I could have gone to a host of clubs: City, Chelsea, Liverpool, Arsenal and Everton. “He was the last person I’d spoke to and I remember walking back out with my agent and saying: ‘I want to sign for Man Utd.’ “That was it. We hadn’t even discussed any personal terms, but I knew that was the club I wanted to sign for.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Jones names five Man United rivals he rejected in 2012 appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Martial was outstanding as United won 4-1 away to CSKA Moscow in the Champions League on Wednesday, scoring a penalty... Anthony Martial is likely to be fit for Manchester United&apos;s Premier League home game against Crystal Palace on Saturday despite appearing to pick up a minor injury in midweek.Martial was… September 29, 2017 In "News" We should have been talking about the Liverpool vs Man City clash today, a match that could’ve potentially sent the Premier League title to Anfield for the first time ever. Here’s a team made up from players who sealed the league for either their club or another…   Goalkeeper: Ludek… April 6, 2020 In "Sports" Sheffield United vs Manchester United Sunday’s only Premier League tie sees Manchester United facing Sheffield United. Despite the Blades only just clinching promotion to the English top-flight last term, this clash will likely prove a tough test for the Red Devils. Sheff United began the weekend up in 5th place… November 24, 2019 In "Sports"