Harry Redknapp believes that Harry Kane would be a magnificent replacement for Sergio Aguero at Manchester City. Kane has made it clear that he will not stay at Tottenham “for the sake of it” and has been strongly linked to Manchester United. There is some doubt whether anybody would pay his alleged £150m fee, particularly with injuries curtailing his appearances over the last three seasons. “Listen, Harry is an ambitious boy. He’s a fantastic professional, a great lad, and he wants to play and he wants to win things,” Redknapp told Sky Sports News. “They need surgery in the summer, but are they going to be spending any money? Is anyone going to be spending money now in the next year or two and going for big transfers? “He’ll be looking at that and thinking ‘hang on’. “And what a player he would be for one of those top clubs. I don’t want to see him leave Tottenham and nor do Tottenham fans but what a centre-forward he would be for Man City for instance with Aguero coming to the end. “He’d be a great signing for anybody. He’s a great player and a great professional – hopefully he’ll stay at Tottenham but he won’t stay unless he sees them pushing to win things.” The post Redknapp touts Kane as a replacement for Aguero appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Harry Redknapp believes Harry Kane can propel Tottenham to a top-four finish in the Premier League if he returns earlier than expected from a hamstring injury. The England striker underwent surgery in January and it was feared he could miss the rest of the season, with his participation at this… March 3, 2020 In "Sports" Harry Kane may lead Tottenham summer exodus Writing in the Times on Thursday, reporter Gary Jacob has revealed that Harry Kane could leave Tottenham this summer. The transfer speculation comes after Tottenham lost 7-2 at home to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday. Kane – who usually posts… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham striker Harry Kane could be tempted into joining Manchester United this summer if they brought in Jack Grealish and Jadon Sancho this summer, according to former England international Darren Bent. In an interview with Jamie Redknapp on Sunday, Kane revealed he will not simply stay at Tottenham “for the sake… March 30, 2020 In "Sports"