COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Pepsi/Global Citizen Pepsi has partnered with Global Citizen to support front line healthcare workers and the World Health Organisation (WHO) by organizing a night of entertainment that will take place tomorrow, Friday, 18th of April, 2020, across a number of different channels and mediums. This event is meant to pass across a strong message that staying at home together will help fight this pandemic. (Watch the announcement video HERE). Streaming starts by 2pm ET (In Nigeria, 7pm) and ends by 10pm ET (In Nigeria, 3am midnight). You can stream live from these digital platforms: https://www.facebook.com/GLBLCTZN/ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg3_C7BwcV0kBlJbBFHTPJQ. Also, the live broadcast can be watched on DSTV Vuzu (Channel 116). You too can join Pepsi and the Global Citizen by taking a pledge to Stay At Home on their site and tuning in to enjoy the music broadcast. To take the pledge and learn more about the event, kindly visit this LINK. The post Pepsi Partners with Global Citizen to Support Front line Healthcare Workers and the WHO appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Lucky 10 to emerge at Live draw 114 Pepsi fans are one step closer to enjoying an all-expense paid 3-day vvip trip to Dubai this November for the One Africa Music Fest and this is all in the spirit of the Pepsi No Shakin Carry Go Movement. The One Africa Music… November 6, 2017 In "News" Global Citizen is a movement of engaged citizens who are using their collective voice to end extreme poverty by 2030. On our platform, Global Citizens learn about the systemic causes of extreme poverty, take action on those issues, and earn rewards for their actions – as part of a global… February 17, 2020 In "Gists" Global Citizen, the organization behind the recent ‘Together At Home’ virtual concert featuring John Legend, Shawn Mendes, Camila Cabello, Chris Martin, Niall Horan, Miguel and more, has teamed up with the World Health Organization (WHO) to announce a special concert just for you. The event tagged One World: Together At… April 7, 2020 In "Entertainment"