Rangers have drawn up a five-man shortlist that includes a Liverpool striker as they anticipate the departure of Colombian firebrand Alfredo Morelos. Morelos, 23, has been box office viewing at Ibrox since his arrival from Finnish side HJK Helsinki in 2017. Moments of genius on the pitch including a remarkable 14-goal tally in this season’s Europa League have been interspersed with disciplinary problems that has seen him given his marching orders seven times in the last 18 months. Despite his questionable temperament, interest has slowly been mounting in acquiring his signature in the summer, with Goal naming Premier League quartet Leicester City, Aston Villa, Newcastle and Crystal Palace as noted admirers. They note that Rangers wish to sell for a minimum of ‘£35m’, but the club in all likelihood would settle for an amount far less than that. With Steven Gerrard’s side appearing set to ‘be gearing up to lose their leading scorer in the summer,’ attention has swiftly turned to who the Gers could sign to fill the goalscoring void. One name cited by the article is Reds rising star Rhian Brewster. The 20-year-old was widely tipped for greatness just a few years ago, but his development was seriously hampered by ankle and knee injuries. Upon regaining full fitness, Brewster was sent out on loan to Swansea City where he showed glimpses of his sky-high potential when notching four goals from 11 appearances. Whether in the guise of a loan or permanent move, the feasibility of a potential switch would seem plausible with the obvious connection of Rangers boss Gerrard. Under Gerrard’s stewardship, Rangers have signed ex-Liverpool pros Jon Flanagan and Ryan Kent, while also taking Sheyi Ojo on loan. Other stars named as potential Morelos replacements in the Goal report are Senegal striker Mohamed Buya Turay, Scotland international Lawrence Shankland, Bordeaux forward Josh Maja and Clermont striker Adrian Grbic. The post Liverpool hitman named in Rangers shortlist with Morelos exit expected appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Steven Gerrard has shortlisted Nigerian forward Umar Sadiq as part of his summer reinforcements. Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard reportedly wants Nigerian forward Umar Sadiq on loan from AS Roma with him at Rangers.Gerrad is looking at the 6ft 6inches forward as a suitable talisman to pear head his attack at… June 20, 2018 In "News" Gerrard savours biggest win as Rangers end Celtic Park hoodoo /Photo Credit: spfl.co.uk Steven Gerrard hailed Rangers’ 2-1 win at Celtic as the best feeling of his managerial career so far as the blue side of Glasgow won an Old Firm clash on enemy soil for the first time since… December 29, 2019 In "News" FIFA Pro Men’s World 11 shortlist FIFPro have on Thursday the 5th of September, announced their 55-man shortlist for the Men’s World11 for 2019. The 11 players who receive the most votes in their positions will earn a spot in the final World11 of 2019. FIFPro and FIFA will announce… September 5, 2019 In "Sports"