Manchester United are reportedly still interested in signing Erling Haaland despite a January move breaking down. The Norwegian joined Borussia Dortmund for just £18m in January but the German club had to agree to a buy-out clause thought to be as low as £63m, which has piqued the interest of Real Madrid after he began his spell with 12 goals in 11 games. But now ESPN claim that United would be interested in a deal despite going cold on the deal in January because of conditions inserted by agent Mino Raiola. They say that ‘Haaland has not burned any bridges with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, his manager at former club Molde’ and that both club and manager still see him as the No. 9 to lead United’s attack over the next decade. But it is unlikely that Dortmund will sell both Jadon Sancho – another target for United – and Haaland in the same window. The post Man United ‘in hunt for Haaland’ despite January rejection appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. An explanation for Manchester United choosing not to move forward with their interest in the signature of RB Salzburg star Erling Braut Haaland has emerged online. Haaland joins Dortmund Today’s big news across the European media arrived earlier this afternoon, when it was confirmed that Salzburg sensation Haaland had found… December 29, 2019 In "Sports" January compromise for Haaland? Manchester United will reportedly consider loaning Erling Braut Haaland back to RB Salzburg until the end of the season if they signed the striker in January. Haaland has been making waves in European football this season. The Norwegian has been impressing with RB Salzburg in the… November 15, 2019 In "Sports" Erling Haaland said Borussia Dortmund’s plan “triggered” him to pick the Bundesliga side instead of Premier League giants Manchester United. Highly rated Norwegian striker Haaland signed a four-and-a-half-year deal with Dortmund, despite strong interest from Man Utd. Man Utd, along with RB Leipzig and Juventus, were among the admirers of… January 7, 2020 In "News"