COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Avi Koren, a Dubia based Belgian – Israeli entrepreneur has expressed his views on the deadly COVID-19 pandemic that has taken over the world. According to him, although the emirate of Dubai said on Sunday that it has lifted its full lockdown on two commercial districts which have a large population of low-income migrant workers, after the United Arab Emirates eased nationwide coronavirus curfews over the weekend, the emergence of the virus has humbled all and sundry. Avi Koren said, “The UAE has so far reported more than 10,300 cases and 76 deaths resulting from the virus, the second-highest count among the six Gulf Arab countries after Saudi Arabia. I really hope this virus isn’t circulated worldwide by people as some people claim. It is really a very scary and sad situation. Despite what corona virus did to the world, one positive thing came out of it; everyone realised we are all same. No matter how much money you have, no matter how much easy life is for you, at the end of the day when God decides something, he makes it happen. Hopefully better days will come back and even better than the past. COVID-19 has humbled rich, prominent dignitaries in Dubai. In fact everyone around the world, rich, poor, privileged felt and is still feeling its impact,” he stated. Also speaking on his assessment of the Dubai business environment, the happily married father of four said, “Dubai is an amazing place with an amazing government who takes care of their citizens and allows everyone to explore and develop their businesses. I will leave that to the Dubai government to decide if there are other certain things they need to put in place to make environment friendlier to business people Avi Koren who owns luxury jewelry and high end watches boutiques in Dubai, Hong Kong and Belgium, was born in Israel in 15-07-1984. He left Israel to live in Belgium, when he was 6 years old, until 2019 when he moved with his family, his wife Rachel and four kids to Dubai. Vanguard The post COVID-19 has humbled rich, prominent dignitaries in Dubai – Avi Koren appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Dubai-based airline Emirates is asking its workers to take up to a month of unpaid leave as the coronavirus outbreak forces it and other carriers to cancel flights. The state-owned airline in the United Arab Emirates has more resources than necessary now that it’s scrapped flights to certain destinations and… March 3, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): A prominent traditional chief in Ilorin Emirate, the Magaji Nda of Ilorin, Salihu Woru Muhammed has urged the people of Kwara State to observe all the safety measures on COVID-19, reminding them that similar disease claimed the lives of 85,000 persons in Ilorin province in 1918. Muhammad in… April 19, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Lagos remains the state with the highest number of confirmed cases in Nigeria Lagos State has recorded 10 new cases of coronavirus, making the total number of confirmed infections in the state rise to 135. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Nigeria’s confirmed cases of… April 9, 2020 In "Entertainment"