UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin has set a deadline for the conclusions of the Champions League and Europa League. Both competitions have been postponed indefinitely amid the coronavirus outbreak, with action across the continent suspended. It is not yet clear when the tournaments will resume, but the governing body will undoubtedly be doing all they can to reach a conclusion – having threatened to exclude teams from leagues that are cancelled prematurely. Ceferin has now clarified UEFA’s stance on completing their international competitions, telling ZDF in Germany: “It must finish by August 3, both the Champions and Europa League. It is an extraordinary situation we are in, so we are flexible on dates and kick-off times. If the crisis eases earlier, then we can start sooner.” If the Champions League cannot be completed in its current format, it has been suggested that a play-off between four or eight teams could replace it – but Ceferin says there is still plenty of time for UEFA to make the correct decision. “We could play with the current system, or in a one-off match played on neutral turf. For now, it’s just an option to play with a Final Eight or Final Four. “The only wrong decision we could make now would be to play in a way that puts the health and safety of players, fans and referees at risk. However, if we are in secure conditions, then I don’t see the problem.” The post UEFA chief reveals cut-off point for finishing Champions League appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin claims it would “not be a problem” if Manchester City won the Champions League this season despite the club’s two-year European ban. City have been suspended from the Champions League and Europa League for the next two years by UEFA after being found guilty of breaching… March 5, 2020 In "News" The Football Association’s chief executive Mark Bullingham has backed UEFA’s decision to postpone Euro 2020. The tournament will now take place 12 months later due to the coronavirus pandemic, with the dates June 11 to July 11, 2021 proposed. UEFA informed member nations at a conference call meeting on Tuesday,… March 17, 2020 In "Sports" UEFA has postponed Euro 2020 until the summer of 2021 to allow European leagues more time to complete their seasons amid the coronavirus pandemic. UEFA confirmed that the tournament will now be played between June 11 and July 11, 2021. The playoffs for Euro 2020, which will include the Republic… March 17, 2020 In "News"