A very bored Davido took to his Twitter page to tweet about how people would get to know in 2-3 months, those that have managed to save up some money. “In like 2/3 months we go know d pple way save money #noshowtill2021 Face with tears of joy”. A troll responded calling out the singer for reasoning like a child. He stated the singer is able to make such statements because he has never suffered in his life and also blasted him for mocking people. Small pickin thought, well u be small boy sha, u never taste suffering that’s why, continue mocking people, mtchew. Davido who seems to be in a good mood fired back saying he would curse him and won’t leave Twitter because he got insulted.  “Me I will curse u back o … I won’t leave twitter for anybody” Me I will curse u back o … I won’t leave twitter for anybody https://t.co/stVaXAllOW — Davido (@davido) April 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Davido Threatens To Rain Heavy Curses On Twitter Troll For Saying He Reasons Like A Child appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  DMW singer, Peruzzi gives account of his relationship with his boss, Davido and how he met him for the first time. Peruzzi also opened up on his relationship with Chioma, Davido’s girlfriend, and how he had to leave the university where he was studying medicine and surgery. Peruzzi said Chioma is… July 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" In an interview with Saturday PUNCH, singer/songwriter Peruzzi narrated how he met Davido for the first time, his relationship with Chioma, Davido’s girlfriend, and how he had to leave the university where he was studying medicine and surgery. Peruzzi said Chioma is his mother’s cousin’s daughter and when she told… July 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" Singer, Zlatan Ibile has blasted a troll who hinted that Davido’s Sweet In The Middle would have been better if the the singer was not featured on it. The troll with handle @hanjoyment had taken to Twitter to criticize people who did not want Davido to feature Naira Marley on… March 10, 2020 In "Entertainment"