COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The Chairman and CEO of Air Peace, Allen Onyema has said that he is not interested in politics, insisting that he is a businessman and does not have any political ambition. He reiterated that his humanitarian gestures stem from his desire to give back to the society as his own contribution to humanity and not a fillip to aspire to any political office. Onyema made this known on Sunday while reacting to an online poster by a group known as United People of Nigeria Initiative (UPNI) endorsing him for Nigeria’s presidency in 2023. The Air Peace Chairman who said that the call was made in bad taste repudiated the endorsement and those behind it and urged them to deist from such campaign in future. In a statement he signed by himself, Onyema said, “My attention has been drawn to an online poster by a group that goes by the name United People of Nigeria Initiative (UPNI) endorsing me for Nigeria’s presidency in 2023. One Sir Wealthson Chukwudi was exposed on the poster as President of the group. “I wish to state clearly that this man, UPNI and its promoters are not known to me directly or remotely and whatever they are saying has not come from me and will never come from me. I am a businessman and not a politician. “My purpose is to impact humanity and I do not have to be President first before I can continue with what has become part of my essence. This is my nature. My motivations are different. “I call on the public to completely ignore this group and any other group or person/s that may come up with such message and mischief about me in future. I, personally, feel very offended by it all. “I am very suspicious of the motive behind this unsolicited publication. Once again, I am not interested in partisan politics.” Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Allen Onyema By Lawani Mikairu The Chairman and Chief Executive officer of Air Peace Airline, Chief Allen Onyema, yesterday, said that he is not interested in partisan politics, insisting that he is a businessman and does not have any political ambition. Onyema made this known while reacting to… April 22, 2020 In "News" Allen Onyema By Collins Adaka Nigeria, the seventh-largest country in the world, is a complex multi-ethnic, multi-cultural and multi-religious society. This huge population probably is why it has failed to manage her diversities very well. As a result, there are always one conflict or the other in some part of… March 1, 2020 In "News" …APC can’t give us Presidency …Ndigbo should be careful of APC By Clifford Ndujihe, Charles Kumolu & Peter Okutu, Johnbosco Agbakwuru, Vincent Ujumadu&Kenechukwu Iruomah The promise of supporting the prospects of a President of Igbo extraction in 2023 by the All Progressives Congress, APC, has been widely dismissed as deceptive… November 18, 2017 In "News"