COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 288, deaths 7, recovered 51 The Nigerian Military has inaugurated three more facilities for treatment and  isolation of patients, as part of its measures to stem the spread of Covid-19 pandemic in the country. This brings the total number of centres to 21 across the six geopolitical zones in the country. John Enenche, coordinator, Defence Media Operation (DMO) who disclosed this at a media briefing in Abuja, said the new centres include; the Nigerian Navy Hospital Warri, the Nigerian Navy Medical Centre Borokiri Port Harcourt and Nigeria Navy Logistics School Medical Centre, Owerrinta. Enenche added that 80 trained medical personnel of the armed forces of Nigeria have been deployed to the centres to  provide support. He noted that each facility has a capacity of 20 to 100 patients. The coordinator also said the production of oxygen has been completed , put into cylinders and awaiting distribution. “The High Command of the Armed Forces of Nigeria wishes to thank the general public for their understanding and compliance with the Presidential Directive in respect of the lockdown. “It is should be understood that the directive is in the best interest of the Nigerian populace, in order to prevent the spread of the dreaded COVID-19 pandemic,” Enenche added.  Godsgift Onyedinefu, Abuja Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  The Defence Headquarters has dismissed the torture videos being circulated on social media alleged to have been perpetrated by the personnel of the armed forces while implementing the COVID-19 stay at home order. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on Thursday, said the videos being… April 2, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian Army has intensified preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic in barracks in line with the directives of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai. The Acting Director, Army Public Relations, Col. Sagir Musa, disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. Musa… March 31, 2020 In "News" …As daughter blames death on health workers’ negligence …Deceased, a known hypertensive patient – ESUT doctor …Enugu govt approves N320m, relocates state’s isolation centre to ESUT Teaching Hospital By Anayo Okoli & Dennis Agbo CONTROVERSY is currently trailing  the death of the 70-year-old woman suspected of COVID-19 who though tested… March 19, 2020 In "News"