COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The Lagos State Government, on Saturday, confirmed that the Chief of Staff to the President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari died from complications of Coronavirus, COVID-19 infection on Friday, April 17, 2020, in the State. The state Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi confirmed this in a statement on Saturday, he personally signed. The statement read: “Following enquiries on the passing away of the Chief of Staff to the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Mallam Abba Kyari on Friday 17th April 2020, the Lagos State Government states that:
Mallam Abba Kyari died from complications of Coronavirus infection at First Cardiology Consultants in Lagos. “This hospital is a Lagos State designated high care, biosecurity-compliant, COVID-19 facility, accredited by the Health Facility Management and Accreditation Agency (HEFAMAA) of the Lagos State Ministry of Health. “As a basis for accreditation, First Cardiology Consultants established a separate specialist wing with staff dedicated to the treatment of complicated cases of COVID-19, under the supervision of the Lagos State COVID-19 emergency response team.” Vanguard News Nigeria The post Abba Kyari died of COVID-19 complications in Lagos ― Commissioner appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Late Abba Kyari Compiled by Rasheed Sobowale The Nigerian Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, was on the early morning of Saturday announced dead after he had tested positive for the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Presidential Aides informed the nation of the unfaithful event through their social media pages. Below… April 18, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The Presidency has announced the passage of the Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari. Media aides to the president Garba Shehu and Femi Adesina Twitted Saturday morning.   “Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, passes on. May God rest his soul. Amen.… April 18, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Body of the deceased being taken by pal bearers from the chattered aircraft to the ambulance at the Nnamdi Azikiiwe Airport, Abuja during the burial of Former Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari at the Gudu Cemetary, Abuja. The former Chief of Staff to the… April 18, 2020 In "News"