Virgil van Dijk is desperate to be remembered as a “Liverpool legend” and claims the Reds “don’t lack anything” in their pursuit of further success. The centre-back arrived at Anfield in January 2018 for £76million and has proved to be one of the great signings in Premier League history. Having won the Champions League last season, a first Premier League title is just two wins away.   And Van Dijk is already thinking about how he would like to be remembered by the club and the supporters. Van Dijk told Spanish newspaper Sport: “As a Liverpool legend. I want to achieve incredible things here. “I would like to be one of those players that return to Anfield after retiring. I see club legends at games and I feel part of a really big family. “We have a fantastic team, we don’t lack anything, we have all the tools necessary to go on winning. “A coach we identify with, a versatile squad, a style of play that breeds victories, a stadium and supporters that play their part.”  The post Van Dijk outlines Liverpool ambition: ‘I feel part of a big family’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk has revealed that he “wasn’t good enough” to be a centre-back during his youth career. Van Dijk has proven an immensely popular figure at Anfield since joining from Southampton in 2018, narrowly missing out on beating Lionel Messi to the Ballon d’Or last year after inspiring… April 6, 2020 In "Sports" Virgil van Dijk has hit back at critics who claim Liverpool will ‘only’ win the Premier League after their 2-0 defeat to Chelsea in the FA Cup. Jurgen Klopp’s side have lost three of their last four games in all competitions but they still have a 22-point lead at the… March 5, 2020 In "Sports" Southampton’s in-demand defender Virgil van Dijk has submitted a transfer request, the Netherlands international announced on Monday. Virgil van Dijk “I am incredibly ambitious and want to achieve as much as I possibly can to fulfil my potential in what is a very short career as a professional footballer,” Van… August 7, 2017 In "News"