COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 407, deaths 12, recovered 128 Gary Neville would try to “wind up” Thierry Henry and Robert Pires whenever Manchester United faced Arsenal to try and “influence them”. Arsenal won the Premier League title in 2001-02 and 2003-04 when Henry and Pires were in their prime with Man Utd finishing third in both seasons. The Red Devils were also extremely successful around that period too, getting their hands on the title in 2000-01 and 2002-03  and the two clubs enjoyed many great clashes. FEATURE: Six player v pundit feuds to make Pogba and Souness blush Former Man Utd captain Neville claims that he and his team-mates would try and “wind up” Henry and Pires in an attempt to “take their minds off the game”. “I would try and wind up other players if I could and get an influence over them,” Neville told Sky Sports. “When you’re playing against Robert Pires and Thierry Henry for Arsenal, we would try and wind them up and do things that would influence them. Neville added: “We would try to take their minds off the game and niggle at them. I don’t think I could get wound up too much but I got played once. “I got sent off in a Manchester derby for putting my head towards Steve McManaman. But when you look at the replays there was was a Liverpool thing going on because it was McManaman, [Joey] Barton and [Robbie] Fowler all going at me. I definitely got played that game but it was a bit of a one-off I think.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Neville reveals the two Arsenal players he used to ‘wind up’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Jamie Carragher has hailed the “genius” transfers made by Arsene Wenger in his early Arsenal career, that put the Gunners way ahead of Liverpool in the contention for Premier League titles. Arsenal won three league titles between 1998 and 2004, with Manchester United winning on the other four occasions. And… March 25, 2020 In "Sports" Gary Neville has revealed that the English weather was a “big problem” for Cristiano Ronaldo as he chose to leave Manchester United for Real Madrid. The Portugal international completed a world-record move for £80m to Real in 2009 after scoring 118 goals in 292 appearances at Old Trafford with 68… April 2, 2020 In "Sports" Gary Neville says Dwight Yorke and Andrew Cole formed the best strike partnership during his time at Manchester United. Neville played with brilliant strikers throughout his time at Old Trafford. The right-back shared the field with Ruud van Nistelrooy, Wayne Rooney, Cristiano Ronaldo, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Eric Cantona and Teddy Sheringham.… March 24, 2020 In "Sports"