COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 288, deaths 7, recovered 51 The suspension of all football in Scotland has been extended until at least June 10 following a meeting of the Scottish Football Association board. A meeting was convened remotely on Thursday, during which there was unanimous agreement to extend the initial hiatus which had been set at April 30. A statement read: “The Scottish FA board met via videoconference this morning to discuss the implications of the most up-to-date government and medical advice on the governing body’s suspension on football. “Based on this advice, it has unanimously agreed to extend the suspension at all levels of the game from professional to recreational until at least 10 June. “The board had initially suspended football until further notice and with a stipulation of April 30 at the earliest, in order to give member clubs greater certainty on player welfare and wellbeing, as well as financial clarity.” Explaining the background, the SFA noted that its medical consultant Dr John MacLean had been providing daily updates and had also examined in detail a letter from the Scottish government’s minister for public health, sport and well-being, Joe Fitzpatrick. In it, Fitzpatrick indicated that the current ban on public gatherings was “unlikely to be lifted for at least 13 weeks” and that NHS Scotland was currently on an emergency footing until June 10 at the earliest. That date has now been mirrored by football authorities, pending further review. With no prospect of group training before wider social measures are relaxed and around six weeks of conditioning work needed before competitive football resumes, no earlier dates were considered. Rod Petrie, Scottish FA president, said: “We are grateful to Dr John MacLean for his input to the Joint Response Group and to the Scottish FA board. “The message is very clear: the government restrictions introduced to save lives must be adhered to and there is no prospect of an early resumption of training let alone organised football in Scotland for several weeks. “The decision to suspend all football until at least 10 June is to help clubs ensure the safety and well-being of players, staff and supporters as well as take steps to mitigate their costs. “Scottish football applauds everyone working within NHS Scotland and the care sector and should place no additional burden at a time when their resources are being tested to the limit because of COVID-19.” The post Scottish football season suspended until June 10 appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The 2019-20 campaign was initially suspended until April 30 due to the Covid-19 outbreak, but that date has now been pushed back by over a month Source: Goal April 9, 2020 In "Gists" Premier League clubs will gather again on April 3 to discuss next steps amid the coronavirus pandemic. It was announced last week that English professional football had been put on hold until April 30 at the earliest. It is understood the April 3 date had already been pencilled in as… March 23, 2020 In "Sports" The summer transfer window could be extended until January under one proposal being considered by the English football authorities, according to a report. It was announced last week that English professional football had been put on hold until April 30 at the earliest. It is understood the April 3 date… March 25, 2020 In "Sports"