COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The organisers of athletics’ Diamond League on Thursday postponed meetings in the US city of Eugene and in Paris in June as the season is pushed further back by the coronavirus pandemic. The Eugene meeting had been due to take place on June 7 with Paris on June 13. “As with previous suspensions, this decision was reached in close consultation with all relevant parties and based on concerns over athlete safety as well as widespread travel restrictions which make it impossible to stage the competitions as planned,” the organisers said in a statement. But the Bislett Games in Oslo, one of the longest-standing meetings on the international calendar, will take place on June 11, albeit in a different format from the Diamond League meeting originally planned on that date. The event will be “an alternative athletics competition under Norwegian coronavirus regulations”, organisers said. The Diamond League said new dates for the suspended events “will be announced… as soon as the extraordinary global situation makes a reliable plan possible”. The next Diamond League meeting remaining on the calendar is London on July 4. VANGUARD The post Diamond League postpones June meetings appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Two-time Olympic champion Caster Semenya will not run her specialist 800m distance at Rabat on Sunday despite having received an invitation to do so, in the latest twist of her bitter court battle over gender rules. “She received an invitation but is unable to organise her schedule to come to… June 15, 2019 In "News" Leagues have been warned their clubs may not be eligible for European football next season if they cancel their competitions prematurely due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Belgian top flight announced on Thursday it was ending its season, with Club Brugge declared national champions. The league stated it was acting… April 3, 2020 In "Sports" Leagues have been warned their clubs may not be eligible for European football next season if they cancel their competitions prematurely due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Belgian top-flight announced on Thursday it was ending its season, with Club Brugge declared national champions. The league stated it was acting on… April 3, 2020 In "News"