Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has outlined his reasons for leaving Alisson and Roberto Firmino out of his Premier League team of the season. Carragher named seven Liverpool players in his team of the season that he selected for Sky Sports, where he appears as a pundit regularly. Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joe Gomez, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson, Jordan Henderson, Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane all made his line-up but Alisson – who has missed part of the season through injury – and Firmino missed out. FEATURE: The worst performances of 13 unlucky Premier League greats Instead, Carragher picked Sheffield United goalkeeper Dean Henderson and Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero in their place and he explained why he chose to omit the Liverpool duo. Carragher said: “I love Firmino but I think he’s had better seasons, not scoring at Anfield in the Premier League didn’t help! “When [Alisson has] played he’s been fantastic and I wouldn’t swap him for anyone in the world right now, but I think Sheffield United have been that good this season they deserved [Henderson] in there!” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Carra explains why he snubbed Liverpool duo in team of the season appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Jamie Carragher has picked his Premier League team of the season and named seven Liverpool players. The Sky Sports pundit picked an entire Liverpool back four, Jordan Henderson in midfield and two of the Reds’ front three. The only interlopers were Sheffield United’s Dean Henderson in goal, Manchester City pair… April 7, 2020 In "Sports" Jamie Carragher believes that while Arsenal and Liverpool’s 3-3 draw was a great advert for the Premier League, their defensive problems will lead to a lack of silverware. Liverpool took a 2-0 first-half lead at the Emirates Stadium on Friday (22 December) thanks to strikes from Philippe Coutinho and Mohamed… December 23, 2017 In "News" Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher claims the Premier League season must be completed, but insisted Liverpool’s title triumph is not the most important consideration. The Premier League has been put on hold until April 30 at the earliest, with officials claiming the season will be “extended indefinitely.” Liverpool are within reach… March 20, 2020 In "Sports"