COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 David de Gea has committed himself to Man Utd for “many years” amid speculation over his long-term future at the club. Dean Henderson has been in fine form on loan at Sheffield United from Man Utd this season (making Jamie Carragher’s team of the season) and has been touted as replacing De Gea on his return to his parent club, The 23-year-old has kept an impressive ten clean sheets for the Blades this season, and was expected to be named in Gareth Southgate’s England squad for the friendlies against Italy and Denmark before those games were postponed. FEATURE: How Agassi encapsulates football’s image rights and wrongs De Gea meanwhile, has struggled for form at Man Utd this season, and his inconsistency has led many to suggest he could be dropped for Henderson at the end of the current campaign. “Just to be a part of this club is amazing. So imagine, 10 years, it’s like a dream,” De Gea said on a United hangout. “It’s great to play games with this club, so I hope I can be here more years, many years.” On Bruno Fernandes’ impact on the current Man Utd side, De Gea added: “I think the whole team improved a lot. We were in a good moment. I think we were in very good, top form. “We didn’t concede many goals and, of course, with Bruno he brings a lot of quality. He’s a clever player, a top midfielder. “The team improved with him and it was a pity that everything stopped because we were in a good moment, but hopefully with some players that were injured will be fit when it all starts again, so it will be a good challenge for everyone.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post De Gea commits himself to Man Utd for ‘many years’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. As per a report from the Guardian, David De Gea looks set to put an end to the speculation surrounding his future imminently, by putting pen-to-paper on a new contract with Manchester United. De Gea’s rise to stardom 28-year-old shot-stopper David De Gea made the move to Old Trafford from… September 9, 2019 In "Sports" Dean Henderson wants to return to Sheffield United next season if he can’t dislodge David de Gea as Manchester United number one, according to Billy Sharp. The on-loan keeper made a brilliant treble save late on against Norwich to collect his 10th clean sheet in the Premier League and protect three… March 9, 2020 In "Sports" Graeme Souness thinks Chelsea could try and tempt David de Gea to move to Stamford Bridge in the summer if Dean Henderson takes his place as Manchester United number one. The Spaniard made a huge error to gift a goal to Dominic Calvert-Lewin as Man Utd could only manage a… March 2, 2020 In "Sports"