COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 373, deaths 11, recovered 99 Art Cover for “Soromidayo” Prestigious Leader of Omega Fire Ministries, Apostle Johnson Suleman is taking no breaks as he continues to inspire, uplift and bless the lives of many through music. Few months after releasing “Ololufemi” featuring his lovely wife Lizzy Suleman, Apostle Johnson Suleman is out with a brand new single and video “SOROMIDAYO” featuring outstanding gospel poet and Eloquent Rhymer, Ayo Adebayo popularly known as ‘Haywhy De Rhymer’. The renowned Nigerian preacher testifies of God’s goodness with this praise offering as he celebrates his birthday. “SOROMIDAYO” reveals Johnson Suleman’s in-depth gratitude to God for bringing joy and comfort into his life. This groovy Afrocentric tune sets a mood for thanksgiving while reminiscing about God’s unconditional love. Watch Video DOWNLOAD AUDIO CONNECT with Johnson Suleman
Twitter: @APOSTLESULEMAN The post VIDEO: Johnson Suleman – SoromiDayo feat. Haywhy De Rhymer appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Apostle Suleman Alagbada ina – ARTWORK The prestigious leader of Omega Fire Ministries, Apostle Johnson Suleman releases new hit single and it’s official video titled “Alagbada Ina” In the song, he featured his wife, Dr Lizzy Johnson Suleman and Award-winning international Gospel music minister, Marvel Joks who was the first… October 25, 2019 In "Music/Video" The prestigious leader of Omega Fire Ministries, Apostle Johnson Suleman releases new hit single and it’s official video titled “Alagbada Ina“. In the song he features his wife, Dr Lizzy Johnson Suleman and Award-winning international Gospel music minister, Marvel Joks who was the first National Music leader of Omega Fire… October 20, 2019 In "Music/Video" Art Cover for More Than Enough Dr. Lizzy Johnson Suleman, wife of Apostle Johnson Suleman, founder and senior pastor at Omega Fire Ministries (OFM), releases her latest single and official music video titled “More Than Enough.” The resonating lyrics of “More Than Enough” lavishes praise on the ONE who is… February 7, 2020 In "Music/Video"