Tottenham forward Son Heung-min will start his mandatory four-week national service in his native South Korea this month, the Premier League club have announced. Son travelled back to his homeland following the shutdown of football in this country because of the coronavirus and is currently in a two-week quarantine after flying in from London. Now that football is on hold indefinitely, Son will complete his obligatory military service as required by law in South Korea before returning to north London at its completion next month. A statement on Tottenham’s website said: “The club can confirm that Son Heung-min will commence his mandatory military service in South Korea this month. “Son will return to London following the conclusion of his military service in May.” Son’s national service should have been 21 months, but he earned an exemption in 2018 when he was part of the South Korea team that won the Asian Games, with Spurs allowing him to leave midway through the 2018-19 campaign. He is currently recovering from a broken arm, but will see this as a perfect opportunity to carry out his service without it impacting on his playing career. The 27-year-old hopes to start on April 20 and is reported to be serving in the Military Corps. It has been a turbulent few weeks for Son, who was only back in London for a few weeks having returned to Seoul for surgery on his broken arm in February. Upon his return to the UK, he was forced into two weeks of isolation and had only been back at the club’s Hotspur Way training complex for a week or so before it was closed following the government’s instructions to stay at home. The enforced break has worked in his favour as he will almost certainly be fit when the action does restart, having originally expected to have missed the remainder of the season. Son uploaded pictures and a video on Instagram last week, showing him skipping without a cast on his arm. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal.  The post Spurs star to begin national service during PL shutdown appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  The Spurs international will be required to enrol in the military unless he is able to win the Asian Games with South Korea How Son Heung-min can be exempt from South Korea military service August 10, 2018 In "Sports" The forward will complete his mandatory four-week service in his home country while the Covid-19 pandemic prevents football being played Source: Goal April 6, 2020 In "Gists" Tottenham vs Watford If Tottenham could have hand-picked an opponent for round 9 of the Premier League, they’d probably have picked Watford. Spurs have lost four of their last five matches in all competitions. That included a 7-2 home defeat to Bayern Munich, plus a 3-0 away loss at Brighton… October 17, 2019 In "Sports"