COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 288, deaths 7, recovered 51 Bruno Fernandes has name-checked eight Manchester United legends, and vows to follow in their footsteps at Old Trafford. The Portuguese playmaker has made an impressive start to his United career, providing three goals and four assists for his new side. And Fernandes is keen to become a club legend, like the idols he watched growing up as a Red Devils fan. “I have already said this a lot of times but it was a dream come true,” Fernandes said. “For me, ever since I was a kid, it was a dream playing for Manchester United. FEATURE: Premier League XIs: Cantona and the first season foreigners “Manchester United was and is one of the biggest clubs in the world. You look in the past and when I’m younger, you look at the players who played for Manchester United. “You see the biggest stars in the world. You see the best players in the world. You have players from everywhere and also, we talked a lot and I told you about Cristiano. “I looked at Manchester with more interest when Cristiano was here, because it’s normal when you have Portuguese players in some teams, you look at them more than other teams.” “But at that moment, I started to look at Manchester in a different way because you see Cristiano but then you also see the team and you have Paul Scholes, you have [Wayne] Rooney, you have [Ryan] Giggs and you have Roy Keane, [Eric] Cantona before. “You have a lot of players… I don’t know… [Ruud] van Nistelrooy… I can stay here for hours saying all the names of players for Manchester United. “Also Nani, who’s played with me. You have big stars playing here. Joining Manchester United was so easy because since I was a kid, it was a dream, so for me, doing this step, a big step to the Premier League and Manchester United was perfect.” The post Fernandes vows to follow in footsteps of eight Man Utd idols appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Fernandes to West Ham? Benfica’s Gedson Fernandes looks to have attracted the attention of a number of Premier League clubs this month. West Ham, Chelsea and Manchester United have all been linked with the midfielder over the last week or so. But it looks to be the Hammers who are… January 9, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes says Cristiano Ronaldo made a “difference” to his career with his kind words on his first call-up for Portugal. After an inconsistent first half of the season, United are unbeaten in the nine games Fernandes has featured in since his £47million January move from Sporting… March 17, 2020 In "Sports" Bruno Fernandes has been crowned Premier League player of the month for February following an exceptional start to life at Manchester United. Summer interest turned into a prolonged January pursuit for the 25-year-old, with the Old Trafford giants finally getting their man towards the end of the window in a… March 16, 2020 In "Sports"