Former Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Petit thinks it “could be an opportunity” for Pep Guardiola to leave Manchester City if their Champions League ban is upheld. UEFA handed down a two-year European suspension for breaking FFP regulations earlier this year with City taking their case the the Court of Arbitration for Sport in a bid to get the decision overturned. UEFA want to fast-track the process so that the ban will come into place next season, leading to speculation Guardiola will walk away from the Etihad Stadium. OPINION: Has Pep really underachieved in the Champions League? “I think that could be an option for him,” Petit told Paddy Power. “It could be an opportunity for him to step back and have some rest. It wasn’t a long time ago that he seemed clearly tired of being a manager. “You never know what could happen, but for me, the biggest worry is not what could happen if Guardiola leaves the club – there will be another manager coming if he leaves – for me the future of City is not linked with Guardiola forever. “For me, the main worry is what would happen to Manchester City if the ban is still on the table after the appeal. Everything that City has been doing for the past five, six, seven years, in terms of investment. Everything they have been building could be ending soon. It could change everything at the club. Top players want to play in top competitions.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post ‘It could change everything’ – Guardiola tipped to leave Man City appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. ‘Mikel Arteta likely to be Manchester City’s manager’ Pep Guardiola is in the final year of his contract at Man City. Will the Spanish manager manage to win the Champions League during his career at the Etihad Stadium? Domestically, Guardiola has been a certified success winning the Premier League in… September 22, 2019 In "Sports" Former Barcelona and Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Petit thinks the Spaniard might decide to take a break from management Source: Goal April 1, 2020 In "Gists" Manchester City manager, Pep Guardiola, has insisted the club will not face a Champions League ban for alleged Financial Fair Play (FFP) breaches. UEFA president, Aleksander Ceferin, confirmed this week there is a “concrete case” being investigated and Sky sources claim a suspension from European competition could follow. Guardiola maintained… December 8, 2018 In "News"