Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has become the first Premier League boss to take a voluntary pay cut during the coronavirus pandemic. With football suspended since mid-March – and showing few signs of an immediate return – the Cherries manager and other senior staff have taken a cut in wages to help balance the books. The club said chief executive Neill Blake, first team technical director Richard Hughes, Howe and assistant Jason Tindall have “all taken significant, voluntary pay cuts for the entirety of this uncertain time”. MAILS: On furloughing and lots of other things The statement from the board of directors read: “As the COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic continues to gather pace, there are far more questions than answers regarding its effects. “One thing is for certain, however; the wellbeing of our employees, supporters, local communities and everyone around the world is of far greater significance than football matches. “There is no script for moments like this. No tactics and no set plays to find a winning formula. But as a board we are continually looking at ways to ensure the future of the club and our employees is protected when the season returns.” Bournemouth have also followed in the footsteps of fellow Premier League clubs Tottenham, Newcastle and Norwich by furloughing a “number of staff”. The post Eddie Howe is first Premier League boss to take pay cut appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. The March international break represents the last decent chance for struggling clubs to play the new manager card, and this year’s March international break could be a loooooonnng one that represents a blessing or a curse or even both for those under pressure. There are four managers in some kind… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" The Premier League have announced that upcoming fixtures will be suspended until April at the earliest because of the Coronavirus pandemic.  It comes after Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta and Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi were diagnosed with COVID-19 while other players are still being tested. We’ve compiled what every Premier League manager has… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe has this afternoon provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of their trip to Stamford Bridge this weekend. Chelsea vs Bournemouth The Cherries are set to return to action tomorrow afternoon, in a Premier League meeting with Frank Lampard’s Chelsea. Both sides will head into… December 13, 2019 In "Sports"