COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Man Utd are set to revive their interest in Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly, according to reports in Italy. The Senegal international has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United with offers going in for the defender during Jose Mourinho’s time at the club. Koulibaly has been a key part of Napoli’s defence since 2014 when he swapped Belgian outfit Genk for the Serie A club, where he has amassed 233 appearances in all competitions. FEATURE: Ten stars running out of time to make their last big move Napoli’s outspoken president Aurelio De Laurentiis has been on record to say that a club bid €105m (£92m) last summer with reports claiming that it came from Man Utd. And now Corriere dello Sport (via Sport Witness) claims that Man Utd have ‘returned’ and the Premier League club ‘could go all the way’ this time. Despite the Red Devils reportedly offering more last summer, the Naples-based side want a minimum of €100m for Koulibaly but Sport Witness doubt the Italian side could get that amount. Man Utd spent a huge chunk of money on Harry Maguire last summer and there are doubts whether the position would be one of their biggest priorities in the next transfer window. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Man Utd to ‘go all the way’ this time after failed £92m defender bid appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester United will try and sign Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti, according to reports in Spain. The France international has only appeared in 11 La Liga matches this season and a further five in all competitions – but he did play a full 90 minutes in their recent loss to Real… March 16, 2020 In "Sports" Matthijs de Ligt admits he may have played his last home game for Ajax. The Dutch defender is a target for Europe’s top clubs after a stunning season with the Eredivisie side. BarcelonaÂ are leading the chase for De Ligt withÂ Manchester UnitedÂ also keen, although their failure to secure Champions League football… May 13, 2019 In "News" Manchester United have been given a double boost in their pursuit of Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly, according to reports in Italy. Last week it was reported the Serie A giants have made the decision that there is no room for the likes of Koulibaly, Allan and Hirving Lozano to all leave… March 23, 2020 In "Sports"