COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Perturbed by the upsurge in cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic afflicting Nigeria and the world, the need for government at all levels to hasten efforts and pull resources together to find a vaccine that would provide citizens with adequate immunity to withstand the disease has been stressed. A medical practitioner with ELA Memorial Medical centre, an orthopedic hospital in Ilorin, Kwara State, Ukoh Kalu, said this in an interview with BusinessDay correspondent. “As we all know that COVID-19 is a pandemic affecting every country of the world, not just that it affects the health of the people worldwide but also has economic effects on most countries. “I think the most important way to address this is for the governments of the world to face this pandemic with vaccine; without the vaccine, I don’t see an end to the pandemic. “To put an end to the dreaded disease, Governments really have to hasten efforts and pull resources in finding a vaccine that would, at least, provide some sort of immunity to the population in the country and the world at large. In that way, people can go out and do their daily activities”, Kalu said. Speaking on the total lockdown that had hampered movement of residents even when they have serious health challenge, the medical expert cautioned that there would be community transmission with the incessant rate of Coronavirus in the country. He said, “I know, telling people to stay at home is not easy but that seems to be the best way for now. We do not have any vaccine to treat COVID -19. “The world is currently challenged with the pandemic, and it has to be addressed as fast as possible. Some scholars have recommended indigenous approach, prioritizing research development, political will, collaboration among research institutes to win war against Coronavirus pandemic”. SIKIRAT SHEHU, Ilorin Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Philanthropist Melinda Gates and leading virologist Peter Piot joined forces with football star Mario Götze and Nigerian entrepreneur Uche Pedro to call for a solidarity pledge to protect the most vulnerable amidst the pandemic. These past few weeks have been overwhelming. Having to stay home, work from home,… April 15, 2020 In "Entertainment" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Bill Gates In order for the world to better contain the spread of the coronavirus, leaders of the Group of 20 (G-20) major economies should provide more funding to develop a vaccine, Bill Gates said. In an opinion piece provided in South Korea exclusively to Yonhap News Agency… April 12, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria):  By Chioma Obinna The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Friday expanded its funding for the global response to COVID-19 with an additional $150 million funding grant and a commitment to leverage the resources of the foundation’s strategic investment fund.    The new funding brings to $250 million the Foundation… April 17, 2020 In "News"