COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The United States government has in a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, narrated how his late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari played key role in the return of $300m Abacha loot. In its condolence message, the United States government said Kyari was a dedicated public servant and respected interlocutor for the American government. The Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, Tibor Nagy, eulogized the important role played by Kyari in the repatriation of over $300 million in funds stolen by former head of state, Sani Abacha. His words, ‘‘Kyari was a valued and respected interlocutor for the U.S. government and particularly for our leadership team in Abuja. ‘‘We appreciate working with him on many important matters, including the return to the Nigerian people of over $300 million in funds stolen by Sani Abacha. ‘‘He envisioned the funds going to three geographically disparate infrastructure projects as a way to unite Nigeria economically,’’ Nagy said. The U.S. Assistant Secretary noted that this vision, encapsulated by the late Chief of Staff, was a reflection of his tireless championing of a solid and prosperous future for Nigeria. ‘‘His dedication to this matter, to fighting corruption, and to countless other investments and policies for the future of Nigeria will leave a lasting impact on your country,’’ President Trump’s lead diplomat for Africa wrote in the condolence message. While commiserating with the government and people of Nigeria, the Kyari family on the loss, the U.S. government pledged to stand with Nigeria in the struggle against the coronavirus pandemic. The President also received condolence messages from Usani Uguru Usani former Minister of Niger Delta, Alhaji Sabiu Bako, Kano-based businessman and Bataure Abdulazziz, a trade union leader. Vanguard The post Abba Kyari played pivotal role in return of $300m Abacha loot, U.S writes Buhari appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. …Says it lacks sufficient information By Olasunkanmi Akoni The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project, SERAP, has described the response of the Federal Government to its request on records of spendings and exact amount of public funds stolen by a former military head of state, Gen. Sani Abacha as “insufficient.” SERAP… March 15, 2020 In "News" The United States (US) has reportedly laid claim to $300 million stashed abroad by the late military dictator, Gen Sani Abacha. Highlights: According to The Nation, the United States allegedly told a court in an unnamed foreign country that it had an interest in the loot because it was saved… November 16, 2017 In "News" In spite of President Muhammadu Buhari winning the 2018 African Union (AU) Anti-Corruption Champion Award, the United States seems not to trust the Nigerian government to properly utilise the $308 million Gen. Sanni Abacha The post ‘Why U.S. attached conditions to return of $308m Abacha loot’ appeared first on The… February 6, 2020 In "News"