Gary Lineker has criticised his former club Tottenham after the Premier League club’s announcement that they will furlough 550 members of their non-playing staff. Lineker, who announced he will donate two months’ wages to the British Red Cross, also said he expected top-flight players to step up and do their bit to contribute to the coronavirus crisis. Tottenham are among four Premier League clubs to announce a furlough of non-playing staff – which involves a reduction in their salaries to 80% – whilst their players’ lucrative deals remain intact. MAILBOX: How to finish the PL season part 427, screw you football and… Lineker told BBC Radio 4’s ‘World at One’: “The way Tottenham have handled it I don’t think has been very good – what they are doing to their staff I don’t agree with whatsoever. “But that is a separate issue to what the players do. It’s the club that has said that the players are going to carry on with their wages, but let’s see how the players react to it.” Players across Spain and Italy have agreed voluntary pay-cuts with the entire Barcelona squad, led by Lionel Messi, agreeing to 70% reductions while the coronavirus crisis continues. And Lineker urged patience in respect of the response of Premier League stars, insisting: “I think a lot of footballers will do something, and I think there will be a lot of announcements at clubs. “My inkling is that footballers will take pay cuts, they will help out in communities, they will make donations in whatever way they can, and I think we need to be a little bit patient with them.” Reflecting on his own decision to make a charity donation, Lineker added: “I’ve decided that I’m going to donate two months’ net salary to the British Red Cross, who are on the frontline trying to help in all sorts of different ways. “Hopefully other people who are in a position of relative wealth can do something similar.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Lineker hits out at former club Tottenham over furloughing staff appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Premier League clubs have been told by leading politicians that they are living in a “moral vacuum” and that their players should “sacrifice their salary” before other workers. Premier League clubs Newcastle United, Norwich City and Tottenham Hotspur have all chosen to furlough non-playing staff in response to the coronavirus… April 1, 2020 In "Sports" Tottenham chairman, Daniel Levy, has announced 550 non-playing staff at the club will see their wages cut by 20 percent for the next two months. This was announced on the same day it was revealed he was paid 7 million pounds ($8.7 million) last season. Spurs accounts to June 30,… April 1, 2020 In "News" Former Tottenham and England striker Gary Lineker has said Spurs will not find a better manager than Mauricio Pochettino, following the Argentinian being relieved of his duties. Spurs confirmed the departure of Pochettino, along with his coaching staff Jesus Perez, Miguel D’Agostino and Antoni Jimenez, in a club statement on… November 20, 2019 In "News"