COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The Director General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Sunday said Nigeria is in desperate need of more RNA extraction kits, a critical part of diagnostic tests for COVID-19. Chikwe Ihekweazu disclosed this through his official Twitter handle specified the RNA kits needed, which are ttal viral RNA extraction kits (preferably spin column and with a lysis buffer). The DG also specified the manufacturers of the product, they are Qiagen, ThermoFischer, SeeGene, Inqaba, LifeRiver etc. His tweet reads “We’re desperately looking for more RNA extraction kits as we expand #COVID19 testing Product. “Total viral RNA extraction kits (preferably spin column and with a lysis buffer) Manufacturers: Qiagen, ThermoFischer, SeeGene, Inqaba, LifeRiver etc. The following email address was provided in the tweet ncdclabnetwork@ncdc.gov.ng Godsgift Onyedinefu, Abuja Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Orders importation of 250,000 test kits, I50,000 extraction kits …Raises N25 billion so far, request for more donors – Wigwe  By Peter Egwuatu A map of Nigeria The private sector-led Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID-19) has concluded plans to distribute food items to at least 1.7 million vulnerable people… April 20, 2020 In "News" Sanwo-Olu and Wife By Rasheed Sobowale The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, his wife, and immediate family members have tested negative for the coronavirus (COVID-19) disease. Professor Akin Abayomi, the state’s commissioner for health revealed this on Friday via his twitter handle while expressing his excitement at the development. “I… April 3, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Nigeria has added two new molecular laboratory network to test for Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. The post Nigeria adds 2 molecular laboratories to test for COVID-19 - NCDC DG says appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria and World News. Source: Guardian April 25, 2020 In "News"