COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 343, deaths 10, recovered 91 Man Utd midfielder Paul Pogba has hit back at long-term critic Graeme Souness by admitting he “didn’t even know who he was”. The Liverpool legend has previously criticised Pogba for “dancing at a wedding”, setting a “bad example” for other Man Utd players and numerous other things. Most recently Souness claimed it would be “an absolute doddle” to play against Pogba in a fresh rant at the France international. FEATURE: Jadon Sancho is too good to join anybody but United… Souness said in a Q&A with the Sunday Times readers: “Pogba has absolutely everything to be a top player – great athleticism, super technique – but his attitude to the game is the polar opposite of mine. “He goes out with one thought in his mind: ‘I’m going to show everyone how clever I am today and be the star of the show.’ “My attitude, the way I was taught, was: ‘Go out and work harder than the guy you’re in against and see where that takes you.’ He’d be an absolute doddle to play against.” And Pogba claims he had no idea who Souness was when he heard about the criticism coming his way. “I didn’t even know who he was, really,” Pogba told the United podcast. “I didn’t even know who he was. I heard he was a great player and stuff like that. “I know the face but the name [no]. Like I said I’m not someone that watches a lot of [punditry], I watch a lot of football but I don’t stay after the game to listen to what they say about ‘Why they did this’ or ‘why they did that’. I like to focus on football.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Man Utd midfielder Pogba hits back at long-term critic Souness appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Graeme Souness has again slammed Paul Pogba, this time for “dancing at a wedding” and “shooting hoops” while out injured for Manchester United. The World Cup winner has played just eight times for the Red Devils this season, and has been linked with the Old Trafford exit. Souness has consistently… March 1, 2020 In "Sports" The former Liverpool midfielder has never been shy in giving his opinion on the France international and has once again criticised him Source: Goal March 29, 2020 In "Gists" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The Red Devils star fired a broadside at his strongest critic, claiming to have been unaware of the pundit's notoriety Source: Goal April 14, 2020 In "Gists"