COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Barcelona will consider trading all but three stars as Manchester United and other European clubs contemplate a summer transfer window centred on player exchanges. The suspension of all major European leagues amid the global pandemic will have a far-reaching financial impact for every side. Real Madrid have withdrawn their interest in Harry Kane as a result, outlining just how little money is expected to be spent by clubs hoping to improve their squads. Instead, player exchanges are likely to become prevalent, with Barca president Josep Maria Bartomeu openly discussing that prospect last month. “There is not going to be as much money in the transfer market because of the pandemic,” he said. “But I predict that we are going to see a lot more swap deals.” ESPN FC suggest they have already started to formulate such plans, with only Lionel Messi, Marc-Andre Ter Stegen and Frenkie de Jong guaranteed to be at the Nou Camp come next season. Barca want ‘another attacker’ and are contemplating some form of swap with Inter Milan or PSG for Lautaro Martinez or Neymar respectively. Antoine Griezmann is the player most often linked with either exchange, but with Barca also targeting a right-back, centre-half and ‘physical midfielder’, there is an acceptance that ‘a number of players will either have to be sold or included as makeweights in potential deals’. Only Messi, Ter Stegen and De Jong would be considered ‘untouchable’ in that instance. That would make Arturo Vidal, linked with both Newcastle and Manchester United, available, as well as fellow Premier League targets Samuel Umtiti, Ivan Rakitic and Ousmane Dembele. Philippe Coutinho might finally get his move, too. The post Barca make all but three stars available as Prem clubs circle appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. In the wake of the Coronavirus pandemic, UK health minister Matt Hancock has urged Premier League players to take a pay cut and play their part as UK battles the coronavirus pandemic. One parliamentary committee head earlier called for a windfall tax on clubs who failed to tackle the “obscene… April 5, 2020 In "News" Brazil legend Rivaldo has backed compatriot Neymar to secure the Paris Saint-Germain exit he’s seeking after reportedly growing disgruntled at the club. Neymar, 27, joined PSG from Barcelona in a world-record €222 million transfer two years ago. The cost of the deal means PSG have yet to see their valuation… July 20, 2019 In "News" Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is adamant his star player Philippe Coutinho will not be sold to Barcelona. The Spanish club made a €100 million Bid For the Brazil forward on Wednesday, which Liverpool rejected. Klopp told Sky Germany on Thursday: “Liverpool is not a club that has to sell players. That is… August 10, 2017 In "Sports"