British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to spend a second night in intensive care as he battles the coronavirus. Johnson is receiving oxygen support but is stable, in good spirits and breathing without assistance, said Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab, who is standing in for the prime minister. Rabb added that Johnson is yet to use mechanical ventilation. “I’m confident h will pull through because if there is one thing I know about this prime minister, he is a fighter and he will be back at the helm leading us through this crisis in short order,” Raab said. Johnson’s personal battle with the virus has shaken the government just as the UK, now in its 3rd week of virtual lockdown, enters what scientists say will be the deadliest phase of its coronavirus epidemic, which has already left over 6,159 people dead. Johnson, 55, was admitted to St Thomas’ Hospital, across the River Thames from parliament, late on Sunday after suffering symptoms, including a fever and a cough, for more than ten days. But his condition rapidly deteriorated, and he was moved yesterday to an intensive care unit, where the most serious cases are treated, in case he needed to be put on a ventilator. Queen Elizabeth wished  Johnson a full and speedy recovery and sent a message of support to his pregnant fiancée, Carrie Symonds, and his family, echoing warm words from the likes of US President Trump and other world leaders. Raab said: “I know that there’s been a groundswell of messages of support from people here at home, from leaders around the world and I know that everyone will want to join with me in wishing the prime minister a very swift recovery.” However, the absence of Johnson, the first leader of a major power to be admitted to hospital with Coronavirus (Covid-19), has raised questions about who is truly in charge at such a crucial time. Britain has no formal succession plan if a prime minister is incapacitated, and Raab said Johnson had asked him to deputise for as long as necessary. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, who was diagnosed with coronavirus late last month, was on Monday moved to an intensive care unit after his condition worsened, his office said. The 55-year-old, who was admitted to a London hospital on Sunday evening for tests after continuing… April 6, 2020 In "News" Boris Johnson Dominic Raab, Foreign Secretary, on Tuesday, insisted he is ‘confident’ Boris Johnson will ‘pull through’ his intensive care battle with coronavirus as the de facto prime minister labelled his boss a ‘fighter’, adding he was stable. The Foreign Secretary has been put in charge of running the country… April 7, 2020 In "News" UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has admitted to intensive care with coronavirus symptoms. “Since Sunday evening, the Prime Minister has been under the care of doctors at St Thomas’ Hospital, in London, after being admitted with persistent symptoms of coronavirus. A spokesperson for No.10 said: “Over the course of this… April 6, 2020 In "News"