COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 318, deaths 10, recovered 70 Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has revealed his injury nightmare is spurring him to come back and be even better. The £31m-rated France international has not played since Boxing Day, having suffered a setback to foot surgery earlier in the season, but he is stepping up his recovery and will resume training when the club are able to following the coronavirus pandemic. Pogba told United Podcast: “I’m already training and touching the ball. “I’ve been frustrated, a long time ago. Now I’m almost there, so I’m just thinking about getting back and training fully with the team and everything. “You think bad but I’ve never had something like this in my career, so I always take it in a good way. It makes me more hungry to come back and do well. And, yeah, it just shows me as well how much I love football.” Pogba gave the full details of his injury, which has restricted him to just eight appearances this season. “You have to be very patient because, well my injury, I don’t know if people really know what happened,” he added. “So I had a foot injury, which came in the game against Southampton. It was early this season and so I carried this for a long time, training and trying to be playing with it. After I stopped, I found I had a fracture. “I had a cast on it, a plaster-cast, so it went very well but too well. The bone got bigger and so, when I came back again, I played those two games against Watford and Newcastle, I could feel something again. “So I had to have an operation and now here I am. I don’t feel anything and, hopefully, I’ll be back very soon.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post ‘Frustrated’ Pogba explains what really happened with injury appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has revealed his injury nightmare is spurring him to come back and be even better. The 27-year-old France international suffered a setback to foot surgery earlier in the season and has not played since Boxing Day, but he is stepping up his recovery… April 12, 2020 In "News" Graeme Souness has again slammed Paul Pogba, this time for “dancing at a wedding” and “shooting hoops” while out injured for Manchester United. The World Cup winner has played just eight times for the Red Devils this season, and has been linked with the Old Trafford exit. Souness has consistently… March 1, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United should sell Paul Pogba and replace him with Jack Grealish, according to former Aston Villa striker Andy Gray. Pogba was reported to be keen to leave Old Trafford this summer after two years of trying to get away from the club which re-signed him from Juventus for £89million in… April 6, 2020 In "Sports"