COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Jamie Carragher reveals that he “knew” Fernando Torres was on a downward curve after he left Liverpool to sign for Chelsea. Torres moved to Stamford Bridge in January 2011 after making clear his desire to leave Anfield following a hugely successful career with Liverpool. But the Spain striker never recaptured the form that made him one of the world’s most feared centre-forwards, with Chelsea getting only 20 Premier League goals in three and a half seasons from their record signing. FEATURE: Cashing in? Every Premier League club’s most valuable asset And Carragher claims that the whole Liverpool squad was in a “state of shock” over the £50m fee Chelsea paid for Torres. Carragher told Sky Sports: “I couldn’t believe it. I knew we had kidded Chelsea. Those last 12 months, he was a shadow of his former self. “For 18 months at Liverpool, he was the best striker in the world, and I think he had such a good record against Chelsea that obviously stuck in the owner’s mind. Chelsea at that stage, I think the owner was still buying players who he wanted, Shevchenko was another case. “What happened that was fortunate for Liverpool, that season we played Chelsea, and we weren’t having a great season and Torres was having a really poor time but he scored two against Chelsea. I think the decision was made then – as soon as January comes, we are going for Fernando Torres. “£50m was major money at that stage and we were all in a state of shock, we could not believe we had got £50m. We ended up doing something similar ourselves in buying Andy Carroll for £35m, but we did get Luis Suarez out of it. “I was not surprised at all that it didn’t go well.”  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Carragher ‘knew’ Liverpool ‘had kidded Chelsea’ over Torres appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 