COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 323, deaths 10, recovered 85 Jose Mourinho implored Tanguy Ndombele to go jogging with him soon after the Spurs midfielder had completed a morning fitness session. Mourinho responded to criticism earlier this week after it emerged he coaxed some Spurs players into breaking social isolation rules for an impromptu training session. Spurs themselves were disappointed with the manager’s actions and sought to ‘reinforce’ the quarantine period during a global pandemic. French newspaper L’Equipe offered more information on the matter at the weekend. They say that Ndombele had only just completed a physical session on Tuesday morning when his intercom rang, with Mourinho at the other end. The Portuguese is said to have told the midfielder to “come down, we’re going for a jog”. Ndombele found the message ‘surprising’ considering the government stance on leaving the house only once a day for essential reasons, which do not stretch to a run on Hadley Common with someone you don’t live with, shortly after having already exercised. L’Equipe describe the situation as ‘improbable at best’, considering Mourinho’s thus far tumultuous relationship with the club-record signing. Ndombele was shamed but not named after a draw with Burnley last month, while Mourinho also attracted the ire of the rest of his Spurs squad after more public criticism of the Frenchman in February. Some pundits even had their say. Kind of. But not really. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Mourinho’s ‘surprising’ seven-word Spurs message to Ndombele appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Tottenham are said to be ‘unimpressed’ after Jose Mourinho took three players out for a public training session that flouted social distancing rules. Mourinho trained with Davinson Sanchez, Ryan Sessegnon and Tanguy Ndombele on Hadley Common in Barnet, with the players clearly not keeping 2m away from each other. Government… April 7, 2020 In "Sports" Jose Mourinho hinted that he was unhappy with the performance of Tottenham’s record signing Tanguy Ndombele after Spurs turned in a woeful first-half display before rallying to draw 1-1 at Burnley. With Spurs hugely fortunate to be only 1-0 down at the break, Mourinho replaced Oliver Skipp and Nbombele with… March 7, 2020 In "Sports" Tottenham’s players have been reminded of their responsibilities during the coronavirus lockdown after some were spotted flouting social distancing rules as Jose Mourinho was seen working in a public park with Tanguy Ndombele. The Premier League has been suspended since mid-March due to the Covid-19 pandemic, with Government-enforced measures meaning… April 8, 2020 In "Sports"