The Middle Belt Movement for Justice and Peace, MBMJP, has urged the Federal Government to extend financial and material assistance to Benue and other states harbouring Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, and refugees to avert an explosion of thecoronavirus, COVID-19, pandemic  in the affected states. The Convener of the MBMJP, Joe Bukka who made the call yesterday while reacting to the news of the mass influx of Cameroonian refugees into Kwande Local Government Area of Benue State, said among others, “outside the North East, Benue is the worst hit state in the country being home to over 483,000 IDPs and about 27,000 refugees who live in camps that are extremely crowded and nobody is paying attention there. What this means is that if one or two of these IDPs or refugees get infected with the virus we might be in for a big trouble in the country and with the recent mass influx of Cameroonians into Kwande LGA the coming days might be the most difficult for Benue if something urgent is not done. Vanguard The post COVID-19: Extend help to Benue, others harbouring IDPs, group urges FG appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  The United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) has appealed to the Government of Cameroon to respect human rights of all citizens for the sake of peace. The commission’s representative in Nigeria and ECOWAS, Mr Antonio Canhandula, made the appeal while speaking with newsmen on Monday in Makurdi. Canhandula said… March 26, 2018 In "News" LEADERSHIP: The Benue State University’s Centre for Food Technology and Research (CEFTER) has organised a training programme for the Internally Displaced Person (IDPs) and refugees on hygiene, safety and healthy living, Hembadoon Orsar reports. The Benue State University’s Centre for Food Technology and Research, (CEFTER), has organised a training programme… March 17, 2019 In "News" Lafia – Umaru Tanko Al-Makura, the governor of Nasarawa State, has said that the state has recorded 18,000 Internally Displace Persons (IDPs), even as he debunked rumours that the state harbours assailants that have been attacking the people of Benue State in recent time. The governor, who spoke through his Brigade… January 12, 2018 In "News"