COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 407, deaths 12, recovered 128 Rimdinado International Limited – We are a global brand, leveraging on technology and changing business conditions to provide cutting edge solutions to our communities. We provide human capital management,Organizational design and development and business process management consulting services for our wide range local and international clientele. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Deadline: 30th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 20th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 20th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Ongoing Job Recruitment at Rimdinado International Limited (3 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. International Facilities Services Limited is an international facilities management company operating global standards to wide range of clients in Nigeria, Ghana, South Africa and the Middle East. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1.  IT / Application Administrator Location: Lagos Deadline: 30th January, 2020. Click Here to Read… January 11, 2020 In "Gists" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Crystal Oilfield Services Limited is currently seeking applications from qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: 1. Business Partner Location: Nationwide Deadline: 1st May, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Administrator – Social Work Location: Lagos Deadline: 20th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job… April 14, 2020 In "Gists" Greenswealth Corporate Services Limited is an organization providing unrivalled quality and array of promotional gift items to its corporate clients. In order to continue to excel as a market leader. We are looking for young and dynamic talents to fill the following positions below: 1. Digital Marketing Executive Location: Lagos Deadline:… March 20, 2020 In "Gists"