COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Thank you for your e-mails. We love you. Keep sending them to theeditor@football365.com  Day 35…
As we find ourselves rolling into day 35 of the lockdown I think it’s worth casting our minds way back to 2nd April. Only a week or so into the lockdown we were subjected to a steady stream of defence for Premier League players refusing a wage cut. Wails of “scapegoated”, “targeted” and “thrown under the bus” were bounded about by any player or pundit that could get some airtime. We were even treated to that particular gem from Wayne Rooney that one young lad was still living with his mother in a council house and had to pay the bills on a “mere” £2,000 a week. The usual suspects appealed for patience saying that they were sure an agreement would come, with Lineker even stating that “I’ll be the first in a few weeks time to criticise them if they do nothing.” And so, here we are a month down the line and whilst other leagues have long since had agreements in place the premier league has ummed and ahhhed their way through this crisis and sadly, successful averted our gaze to the subject of when the premier league will restart. Has Mr Lineker chirped up? Of course not. Have we heard any more about this players fund? Not enough in my opinion, I still hold out reservations on how players are using this from a tax perspective. Have players taken the example of their clubs offering help such as Chelsea, Spurs and United offering their stadiums, hotels & staff to help the nationwide push? Of course not, the big bad owners are up to something guys honest! Now I’m not trying to be a “get your torch and pitchforks out” type ala Piers Morgan but frankly I’m disgusted that this charade has gone on for so long and it’s now being conveniently brushed under the carpet. There are players out there that are no doubt doing good but the overwhelming feeling is that misinformation and misdirection have helped them to collectively duck this issue altogether. I have grown weary of their protestations and feel that it’s now our responsibility as a nation to close this discussion once and for all. So I say to these players, forget your money because history will always remember.
Anthony, Kilburn  Why I support…
Hi all, My dad indoctrinated me into supporting Liverpool from a young age. I attended my first game at Anfield in 1997, a 2-1 win over Spurs. I remember him and his friends talking about how ‘shit’ the performance had been, but I was absolutely enthralled by my first experience of live football. I was 10, and I hadn’t really cared for it up until that point. We’re from the South West originally, and I’ve been to plenty of Torquay, Exeter and Plymouth games over the years, but the reason Liverpool grabbed us was because, when my dad was 14, two scouse lads moved to his school, and offered to take him to a game. He was football mad growing up, so he accepted their offer and he was hooked. Watching Torquay United at Plainmoor didn’t really compare to standing on the Kop. When I came to apply for universities, I had my heart set on Southampton. Part of my family are from here originally, and the attraction of a (then freshly relegated so ticket prices would hopefully be cheaper!) strong football team really came into my decision (as well as the quality of the course…!). A friend of mine supported Saints growing up, and I remembered a brilliant 3-3 against Liverpool at the Dell when they came back from 0-3 down, so I kind of had a soft spot for them. I was lucky enough to see Walcott debut, a 3-4 against Leeds, and of course, Guly do Prado, but it was never quite Liverpool. I even had a season ticket one year (the season Koeman’s Saints tonked City and Arsenal, and came back from 0-2 down at half time to beat Liverpool) which was magical; knowing you’re going to the football and you’re going to see high quality really is great. But like I said, it was never quite Liverpool. I’m not sure I can be called a ‘glory-hunter’ as I ended up with Liverpool in the late nineties which weren’t the best years. But it does make me feel privileged that I support a side that is regularly competing for honours. I’m not one of these who measures a ‘good’ side in trophies, but seeing your side lift a cup is excellent. I was at the Villa semi final a few years ago when they were miles better than us in the FA Cup, and it was bitterly disappointing, but that’s sport; no one has a divine right to win anything. Anyhow, that’s why I support the club I do. I try to go to Saint Mary’s as often as I can, because I love the game. Hope you’re all safe and well, even some of the nutters in the comments section.
Stu, Southampton  In response to Charlie, Antrim, N. Ireland, I would like to put on record why I support who I support, but I am in now way a glory hunter. My story starts way back on the rainy Sunday 29 February 2004; the day of the Carling Cup Final between Middlesbrough and Bolton Wanderers. I was a Sk8er Boi and so (according to the group dynamics you see at American High Schools in those coming-of-age films) I was pigeon-holed and not allowed to like more than one hobby at any given time. My younger brother – a huge Newcastle United fan – wanted to watch the final. My argument to our Mum was that he doesn’t even support either of the teams and so he shouldn’t get to watch the match over whatever it was that I wanted to watch (I couldn’t go skateboarding as it was raining). Much to the surprise of absolutely nobody, our Mum sided with the little shit and I had a classic Kevin the Teenager strop and sat down to watch quite possibly the most dull/fateful match known to existence. During the course of the match, my brother asked who I wanted to win. We live in the North West and so I mumbled “Probably Bolton”, as they were the closest team to where we lived. I rather enjoyed the match, more than I cared to admit. A few months later I dumped the skateboarding and took up football fandom and I thought I’d start following Bolton’s results. Worst decision I ever made, but one I wouldn’t change for anything. The ups and mainly downs have been too many to mention, but I’ve also met some amazing people because of it!
Darryl (Kevin Nolan for England) Drummond  Why doesn’t everybody stream?
Such a great question from Troy McClure on why people don’t all just stream instead of paying those over-priced subscriptions.  if I ever need a lawyer I would certainly hire him… I always say the same but not just about streaming. For example, the other day I really fancied a nice meal in a restaurant but I couldn’t afford it. So of course, I just ate there anyway and ran off before I could pay. I mean, why not – what is it stopping others doing this?! Some false sense of morals? That’s how it works right? If you don’t have the money for something you want you just take it. As long as they wont catch you there is no problem right? Same with a car. I couldn’t afford one of those really pricey BMWs so you know what? Instead of being some fool paying for it – I just took one that wasn’t mine. I mean, it is perfectly ok because I view the price as being too high for me to pay so I am completely justified. What else could I do – Go without it or something?! Finally, maybe readers who agree with this could send me in their home addresses so I can pop round when they are out and check out some more of their more expensive products I don’t want to pay for. It would really help me out. Thanks so much
H Simpson  To Answer Troy McClure, Many of us do stream. Some options are more dubious that others.Personally, I use OPTUS SPORTS from Australia.
For $15AUD (£9-10), I can watch every EPL, Champions League, Europa League game (plus a fair few others). IMO, it’s not as dodgy as the 100% illegal streaming sites that that rebroadcast SKY UK channels. I’m paying a company that pays the EPL etc a fee to broadcast, and the only shady issue for me is that I live in the UK and not Australia. The biggest bonus, apart from being way cheaper, is I don’t have to listen to Steve McManaman, who, when he speaks, sounds like a dolphin being strangled. Win win.
Terry N  In response to Troy McClure, I don’t think illegal streaming is as easy as you make it out to be, certainly not for the majority of people anyways. You have to click on links that take you to very susupciois looking websites, with strange and sometimes racy popups. The streams can also be delayed, be of low quality and may infect your device with malware. There are of course more than one method, but they all have their downsides compared to just opening the TV and it being just there. I think for most people that knows it exists, its just a hassle or they don’t know where to begin. They also assume you can get in trouble for it I would wager. There might also be a generation gap, where older people are more likely to stick to the way they’ve been doing it for awhile. My friends, who are all milennials, just go the unofficial streaming route. From an entertainment industry perspective, it is probably the same reason why most people actually use legal streaming and methods to access their shows/movies than illegal ones, even though you can pretty much access any movie really easily (there’s some studies that track this annually). So this isn’t just limited to football. However – with the world economy being as bad as it is right now, that might soon change, even in the UK.
Yaru, Malaysia  In response to the email posed in this morning a mailbox, I do stream some matches but I also pay a subscription to BT. The reason I do this is because streaming free content is not only illegal but morally wrong. However I really enjoy watching football, but I just cannot afford to pay for all the subscriptions that would allow me to watch all the football I want to watch. I also do not have the time with a busy job and young family, so spare time is limited. So I pay for BT and watch matches when I can on that, but anything else I want to watch I stream. If everybody streamed everything then eventually no money would make its way into football and the whole world would grind to a shuddering halt. My approach makes me feel better that I am still contributing to football in some way but I am getting a little back by streaming the odd game here and there for free. I feel bad. I wish I didn’t do it but often I don’t want to miss the game and I can’t afford to pay for a full whack sky sports subscription when I only want to watch a couple of games on sky a month. Streaming everything and not contributing would make me feel too guilty and I wouldn’t enjoy it. Plus the streams are sometimes unreliable and I don’t want to miss a minute of some of the games I am lucky enough to watch. I do worry one day I’ll get a knock on the door, but if there was some way the TV companies could make it cheaper and easier for people in my situation then I’m sure I would and other people would stream less illegal content. Clubs should have some sort of set up where you pay to watch the team you support, no matter the time or day or opposition. Many thanks
Matt, Gooner  This season/ next season
Here is my suggestion for the end of this season and arrangements for next season.It is obvious to everyone that football is not going to resume soon in England. I believe that whenever football starts the current season should be completed. I realise that this could be as late as October or even November. Even if the season isn’t completed before the new year it doesn’t matter because the new season shouldn’t start until this one is finished. As the players will have had a long late season break they would only need a short break of 2 or 3 weeks before starting the new season. I suggest that the Premier League and the 3 football leagues are divided into north and south with 10 teams in each of the Premier Leagues and 12 teams in the two divisions of the football leagues. The Premier League teams would have 18 league games and the football league teams 22 league games. At the end of the league games the north champions play the south runners up and the south champions play the north runners up. The two winners of these games play to become champions of their respective leagues. The three games to decide the finalists and the champions to be played at a neutral venue or over two legs home and away. Two teams from each league are relegated except the fourth tier league where one from each league are relegated. The cup competitions could run as normal. I realise that this is only half a season but surely it is better than trying to cram in a full season of games with a season that will start in October or later. Players who play in English football should be well rested for the Euros next summer!
Mike Hay  Keegan and nostalgic returns
Well I never expected to wake up to see in the newspapers that Kevin Keegan is being talked up to potential my return as the next Newcastle manager, I’d love it if they did that, love it…..some much younger readers may not get that reference. But it brings to my mind this, which former manager would you love to see return to a club they managed and why?
Mikey, CFC (didn’t expect to send two mails in 24 hours)  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post ‘History will always remember’ lack of action from PL players appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 