COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 VIDEO: Ichaba – Anita Baker Highly talented Nigerian singer and songwriter, Ichaba has put out the official music video of his latest record dubbed “Anita Baker.” “Anita Baker” is obviously an appetizer as we advance towards the release of his forthcoming project, an extended play which will serves as his debut. SEE ALSO: Studio Magic ft. Dremo, Yonda & Ichaba – Double Dare You The record was produced by talented music producer, Reelz and the stunning visual was put together by the highly creative Director Q. Check it out and share your thoughts below. DOWNLOAD AUDIO GET IT ON DIGITAL STORES Whine am well whine am well whine am well Do the dutty whine baby whine Whine am well whine am well whine am well Touch your toes make you go down low The post VIDEO: Ichaba – Anita Baker appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Ichaba – Anita Baker Ichaba delivers new single entitled “Anita Baker” Uber-talented singer and songwriter, Ichaba has released a brand new single and it is titled “Anita Baker.” As we prepare for the release of his forthcoming extended play, Ichaba serves us a worthy appetizer for the road.… April 9, 2020 In "Music/Video" Ichaba dishes out a new record titled “Anita Baker”, Something for you guys to vibe to, produced by Reelz. In the spirit of Quarantine, Ichaba comes through to make the Isolation lively with the release of a new song tag “Anita Baker” to bless our playlist and ears. This a… April 8, 2020 In "Music/Video" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 1da Banton – Foreigner 1da Banton releases new single titled “Foreigner” Highly talented Nigerian singer, 1da Banton comes through with a brand new single which he tagged “Foreigner.” “Foreigner” serves as the lad’s first official single for the year, it comes after the release of his previous record dubbed… April 18, 2020 In "Music/Video"