Alfred & Victoria Associates is one of Nigeria’s leading ICT solution based company. Our company offers a wide range of services which are in high demand of today’s emerging market. AVA has three major arms which have been streamlined to meet our customer’s needs. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Deadline: 16th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 16th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 16th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 6th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 6th April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 3rd April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 3rd April, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Immediate Recruitment at Alfred & Victoria Associates (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Alfred & Victoria Associates is one of Nigeria’s leading ICT solution based company. Our company offers a wide range of services which are in high demand of today’s emerging market. AVA has three major arms which have been streamlined to meet our customer’s needs. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Finance Manager, Tax… March 21, 2020 In "Gists" Alfred & Victoria Associates is one of Nigeria’s leading ICT solution based company. Our company offers a wide range of services which are in high demand of today’s emerging market. AVA has three major arms which have been streamlined to meet our customer’s needs. We are recruiting to fill the… December 3, 2019 In "Gists" Alfred & Victoria Associates is one of Nigeria’s leading ICT solution based company. Our company offers a wide range of services which are in high demand of today’s emerging market. AVA has three major arms which have been streamlined to meet our customer’s needs. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Operations Manager… March 13, 2020 In "Gists"