COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 318, deaths 10, recovered 70 Liverpool legend Sir Kenny Dalglish has thanked the “absolutely brilliant” NHS workers who treated him in hospital after he tested positive for the coronavirus. The 69-year-old was admitted to hospital on Wednesday for treatment on gallstones. Despite not showing any symptoms, Dalglish underwent a coronavirus test and returned a positive diagnosis for Covid-19. The former Celtic, Liverpool and Scotland forward is now recovering in self-isolation at home. PORTRAIT OF AN ICON: Kenny Dalglish Writing in The Sunday Post, Dalglish hailed the hospital workers who treated him as “absolutely brilliant”. “I’d just like to thank the doctors, nurses and all the staff for looking after me,” Dalglish wrote in the Sunday Post. “They were absolutely brilliant. “People may think the Dalglish name got me in and got me the best of care. Not so. “I was looked after because the NHS staff treat everyone the same. They look upon everyone as human beings. Names and backgrounds don’t come into it. That’s the way it should be… “As a nation, we are all very fortunate to have them and I wish them all well as they work tirelessly to help the country through this pandemic.” Dalglish won six league championships as player for the Reds and a further three as a manager, returning in 2011 for one of the longest caretaker manager reigns ever. The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Kenny Dalglish hails ‘brilliant’ NHS after hospital release appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Liverpool icon, Sir Kenny Dalglish, tests positive for coronavirus  Liverpool legend, Sir Kenny Dalglish, has tested positive for coronavirus and is being treated in hospital. Dalglish is the club’s greatest player and won every domestic trophy during two spells as manager. He was admitted to hospital on Wednesday… April 10, 2020 In "News" Klopp backs Gerrard to follow him at Anfield Jurgen Klopp has now been Liverpool boss for just shy of four years. In that time Klopp has helped restore Liverpool to a top-quality side that can compete in any competition. The 2018/19 campaign would see Klopp guide Liverpool to their 6th… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Sir Kenny Dalglish insists it would be “totally out of order” should Liverpool be denied their first Premier League title for 30 years. The Reds legend – in his column for The Sunday Post – says the competitions halted due to coronavirus must be completed amid suggestions the season could be declared null… March 15, 2020 In "Sports"