COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 318, deaths 10, recovered 70 VIDEO: Mercy Chinwo – Akamdinelu Super talented Gospel act and woman of God – Mercy Chinwo serves up visuals to one of her 2019 singles “Akamdinelu”, which means “My hands are raised”, a worship song that ticks all the right boxes. I really love Mercy Chinwo‘s consistency and the work she has been putting in has been superb from day zero! VIDEO: Mercy Chinwo – Obinasom Akamdinelu by Mercy Chinwo is that song that really puts you in worship mood as we continue to praise God, even at a time like this. VIDEO: Mercy Chinwo – Bor Ekom Lift up your hands and worship God today as we continue to look up to Him alone. Akamdinelu, Baba God! Video directed by Avalon Okpe for Tokindrumz Pictures. DOWNLOAD AUDIO/MP3 The post VIDEO: Mercy Chinwo – Akamdinelu appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Mercy Chinwo – Akamdinelu Overview of Mercy Chinwo – Akamdinelu Raving gospel singer – Mercy Chinwo, comes through with a brand new number dubbed “Akamdinelu“. To celebrate her birthday, she dishes out this absolute masterpiece, produced by Israel Dammy. According to her, ‘Akamdinelu‘ better explains her true life experience and… September 5, 2019 In "Music/Video" Mercy Chinwo – Obinasom Overview of Mercy Chinwo – Obinasom Renowned Nigerian gospel singer, Mercy Chinwo has released a brand new single and video entitled “Obinasom,” just as she promised. “Obinasom” serves as Mercy Chinwo‘s first official single for the year, it comes after the release of his buzzing record… February 14, 2020 In "Music/Video" Mercy Chinwo is out with an amazing track titled “Akamdinelu” produced by Israel Dammy. Mercy is using this track to raise an alter of worship in deep gratitude for God’s goodness. The song mixes South-eastern Nigeria folk music with contemporary worship. The use of the Igbo language enriches the eulogies. Download… September 6, 2019 In "Entertainment"