COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Perez Brisibe – Ughelli The result of the suspected COVID-19 patient in Otu-Jeremi, headquarters of Ughelli South local government area of Delta State has shown that the patient is positive for the virus. A senior staff of the hospital who made the disclosure to Vanguard, said the patient, aged 36, had visited the hospital in company of her boyfriend and upon diagnosis, the patient was discovered to have tuberculosis and was showing symptoms of COVID-19. The source who spoke on condition of anonymity, said: “Her sample was taken to Irrua Hospital, Edo State on April 17th for COVID-19 test and the result came out positive.” Recall that three doctors, a pharmacist and medical laboratory scientist who attended to the patient, have all be quarantined at the hospital’s holding facility. The post BREAKING: Result of suspected COVID-19 patient in Ughelli South is positive appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Perez Brisibe, Ughelli Apprehension has enveloped the Ughelli Central hospital after a male patient suspected to have shown symptoms of the corona virus, was whisked away by his relatives who had rushed him to the hospital for treatment over fears of him being isolated. The hospital is one… April 17, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Perez Brisibe APPREHENSION has enveloped the Ughelli Central hospital after a male patient suspected to have shown symptoms of the COVID-19, was whisked away by his relatives who had rushed him to the hospital for treatment over fears of him being isolated. The hospital is one of the… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Chioma Obinna A suspected COVID-19 patient yesterday died at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital, LUTH, Idiaraba Lagos.  Sources at the hospital who disclosed this to Vanguard said the patient was suspected to have died of Coronavirus. The sources told Vanguard that the said patient hid his medical and travel… April 3, 2020 In "News"