COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 288, deaths 7, recovered 51 Continued from last week Immunisations and medications In almost all situations, clinicians can and should select immunizations and medications for the nursing mother that are compatible with breastfeeding. In most circumstances, it is inappropriate to counsel mothers to wean in order to be vaccinated or to withhold vaccination due to breastfeeding status. Breastfeeding and lactation do not affect maternal or infant dosage guidelines for any immunization or medication; children always require their own immunization or medication, regardless of maternal dose. In the absence of documented risk to the breastfeeding child of a particular maternal medication, the known risks of stopping breastfeeding generally outweigh a theoretical risk of exposure via breastfeeding. Immunisations Breastfeeding mothers and children should be vaccinated according to routine, recommended schedules. Administration of most live and inactivated vaccines does not affect breastfeeding, breast milk, or the process of lactation. Only 2 vaccines, vaccinia (smallpox) and yellow fever, require special consideration. Preventive vaccinia (smallpox) vaccine is contraindicated for use in breastfeeding mothers. Yellow fever vaccine Breastfeeding is a precaution for yellow fever vaccine administration. Three cases of yellow fever vaccine–associated neurologic disease (YEL-AND) have been reported in exclusively breastfed infants whose mothers were vaccinated with yellow fever vaccine. All 3 infants were diagnosed with encephalitis and aged <1 month at the time of exposure. Until specific research data are available, yellow fever vaccine should be avoided in breastfeeding women. However, when nursing mothers must travel to a yellow fever–endemic area, these women should be vaccinated. Although there are no data, some experts recommend that breastfeeding women who receive yellow fever vaccine should temporarily suspend breastfeeding, pump, and discard milk for at least 2 weeks after vaccination before resuming breastfeeding. Medications According to the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) 2013 Clinical Report: The Transfer of Drugs and Therapeutics into Human Breast Milk, many mothers are inappropriately advised to discontinue breastfeeding or avoid taking essential medications because of fears of adverse effects on their infants. The AAP’s Tips for Giving Accurate Information to Mothers (www.aap.org/en-us/advocacy-and-policy/aap-health-initiatives/Breastfeeding/Pages/Medications-and-Breastfeeding.aspx) advises that this is usually unnecessary because only a small proportion of medications are contraindicated in breastfeeding mothers or associated with adverse effects on their infants. Antimalarials Since chloroquine and mefloquine may be safely prescribed to infants, both are considered compatible with breastfeeding. Most experts consider short-term use of doxycycline compatible with breastfeeding. Primaquine may be used for breastfeeding mothers and children with normal G6PD levels. The mother and infant should both be tested for G6PD deficiency before primaquine is given to the breastfeeding mother. Because data are not yet available on the safety of atovaquone-proguanil prophylaxis in infants weighing <11 lb (5 kg), Centre for Disease Control (CDC) does not recommend it to prevent malaria in women who are breastfeeding infants weighing <5 kg. The quantity of antimalarial drugs transferred to breast milk is not enough to provide protection against malaria for the infant. The breastfeeding infant needs his or her own antimalarial drug. Travellers diarrhea treatment Exclusive breastfeeding protects infants against travelers’ diarrhea. Breastfeeding is ideal rehydration therapy. Children who are suspected of having travelers’ diarrhea should breastfeed more frequently. Children in this situation should not be offered other fluids or foods that replace breastfeeding. Breastfeeding mothers with travelers’ diarrhea should continue breastfeeding if possible and increase their own fluid intake. The organisms that cause travelers’ diarrhea do not pass through breast milk. Breastfeeding mothers should carefully check the labels of over-the-counter antidiarrheal medications to avoid using bismuth subsalicylate compounds, which can lead to the transfer of salicylate to the child via breast milk. Fluoroquinolones and macrolides, which are commonly used to treat travelers’ diarrhea, are excreted in breast milk. The decision about the use of antibiotics such as fluoroquinolones and macrolides in nursing mothers should be made in consultation with the child’s primary health care provider. Most experts consider the use of short-term azithromycin compatible with breastfeeding. Use of oral rehydration salts by breastfeeding mothers and their children is fully compatible with breastfeeding. Special consideration:Zika virus CDC encourages mothers with Zika virus infection and living in or traveling to areas with ongoing Zika virus transmission to breastfeed their infants. Evidence suggests that the benefits of breastfeeding outweigh the risks of Zika virus transmission through breast milk. Updated information is available at www.cdc.gov/pregnancy/zika/testing-follow-up/zika-in-infants-children.html. Adeniyi Bukola, Consultant Family Physician and Travel Medicine Physician Q –Life Family Clinic qlifeadvisory@outlook.com. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. BY DOYIN OJOSIPE, Abuja Nursing mothers in Nigeria have been urged to exclusively breastfeed their infants to keep them from being infected with diseases such as Pneumonia and Diarrhea which are the two leading causes of deaths of children under five. Experts have also noted that “delaying breastfeeding by 2-23… August 8, 2017 In "News" Contrary to emerging evidence which has proved that HIV-positive women who breastfeed maximise their babies’ health prospects, Nigerian mothers living with the infection are still evading the exercise. Until recently, the World Health Organisation (WHO) advised HIV-positive mothers to avoid breastfeeding if they were able to afford, prepare and store… January 2, 2018 In "News" March Health Care Initiative (MHI), an NGO, on Monday said investing in Nigeria’s maternity protection would produce a healthier and productive workforce as well as a stronger economy. Mrs Olubunmi Aiyedun, the President, Maternal Adolescent and Reproductive Child Healthcare Initiative (MARCH Healthcare Initiative), disclosed this in an interview with the… August 19, 2019 In "News"