COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Newcastle United have made former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino their top target and are willing to pay him £19m a year for his services, according to reports. The Magpies are in the process of being bought out by PCP Capital Partners, who have paid a non-refundable £17m deposit to Mike Ashley ahead of their proposed takeover. While the deal is yet to be ratified by the Premier League – who are facing pressure from Amnesty International – Newcastle are already making plans to progress when the deal goes through. OPINION: F365 Says: Pochettino at Newcastle would be glorious… Reports have previously claimed in recent weeks that Max Allegri is one of the ‘leading contenders’, alongside former St James’ Park favourite Rafa Benitez, currently with Dalian Yifang in the Chinese Super League. They will be considered alongside Lucien Favre of Borussia Dortmund, as well as the unattached former Spurs boss Pochettino. However, Sky Sports now reports that Pochettino is seen as the ‘number one choice to be the next manager at St James’ Park’ and the potential new Newcastle owners are prepared to ‘pay him £19m a year’. They have been ‘impressed by the rebuilding project carried out’ by Pochettino at Tottenham as he led the north London club to the final of the Champions League last campaign before being replaced this part-way through this season. Newcastle’s prospective owners ‘believe he is the perfect candidate to help transform Newcastle into one of Europe’s top clubs over the next five years’. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Newcastle willing to pay top target Pochettino £19m a year appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Dimitar Berbatov believes Newcastle could attract players of Gareth Bale’s calibre if their purported takeover goes through. Mike Ashley is on the verge of selling Newcastle to PCP Capital Partners, with a non-refundable deposit having already been paid and the Premier League in the process of ratifying the… April 25, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Newcastle have narrowed their shortlist of potential post-takeover managers to four names. The Magpies are in the process of being bought out by PCP Capital Partners, who have paid a non-refundable £17m deposit to Mike Ashley ahead of their proposed takeover. While the deal is yet to be… April 21, 2020 In "Sports" Could Pochettino actually make the switch? Former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is reportedly ‘ruling nothing out’ amid links with the Arsenal job after Unai Emery’s sacking. Arsenal are on the lookout for a new manager after Emery was relieved of his duties on Friday. Following the 2-1 defeat to Eintracht… November 29, 2019 In "Sports"