The FIFA Ultimate Quaranteam tournament set up by Leyton Orient reaches its finale tonight, where Wolves will come up against FC Groningen from 7pm tonight. Whilst real football has been put on hold indefinitely due to the coronavirus pandemic, Leyton Orient’s FIFA Ultimate Quaranteam has provided fans with their footy fix over the past couple of weeks. The virtual tournament was devised by the League Two side in an effort to raise £50,000 for charity, whilst aiming to keep football on our screens as much as possible. Within a week of pitching the idea on social media, 128 football clubs from around the world had put their name forward, with some clubs choosing to be represented by one of their players or staff, whilst others opted to use one of their professional eSports players. Some of the players who represented their own club included Crystal Palace winger Andros Townsend, Norwich midfielder Todd Cantwell and Brighton forward Neal Maupay. Finalists Wolves are represented by Brazillian eSports player Flávio Brito, whilst FC Groningen will be fielding Dutch eSports player Nick Den Hamer. The JustGiving page has already reached the £50,000 target that was initially set, and now aims to raise £100,000. The money raised will be split three ways, 75% going to the EFL, and the remaining 25% being split between ‘MIND’, a mental health charity, and the World Health Organisation’s COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fundraiser. JustGiving will be live streaming the event from 7pm (GMT) tonight. By Will Palmer The post Winner of mega 128-team FIFA ‘Ultimate Quaranteam’ tournament to be crowned tonight appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. What is FIFA Ultimate Quaran-Team? Put simply, FIFA Ultimate Quaran-Team is what happens when football clubs’ media departments suddenly have too much time on their hands due to the coronavirus lockdown. The club in question here was English League Two side Leyton Orient, who decided that an enforced break in… March 27, 2020 In "Sports" What is FIFA Ultimate Quaran-Team? Put simply, FIFA Ultimate Quaran-Team is what happens when football clubs’ media departments suddenly have too much time on their hands due to the coronavirus lockdown. The club in question here was English League Two side Leyton Orient, who decided that an enforced break in… March 27, 2020 In "Sports" The League Two side have organised a competition with teams all over the world as football clubs look to fill the void left by no fixtures Source: Goal March 16, 2020 In "Gists"