COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 288, deaths 7, recovered 51 Manchester United have decided on the three positions they want to strengthen in the summer, while five players are set to leave Old Trafford, according to a report. With the Premier League season suspended there have been rumours swirling in the tabloids about who Man Utd could be signing in the next transfer window, with at least ten players linked in our transfer Gossip column yesterday. From Jadon Sancho to Matthijs de Ligt, the newspapers seem to have Man Utd covered in most positions but the Manchester Evening News now claim that the Red Devils have narrowed their targets down to just three positions. The report claims ‘United have settled on the positions they want to strengthen, with a winger, a playmaker, and a midfielder on their shortlist.’ The Red Devils’ ‘preference is for three incomings and three outgoings’ but there could be as many as five exits in the next transfer window. Manchester Evening News name Phil Jones, Jesse Lingard, and Andreas Pereira as ‘vulnerable’ players with on-loan players Chris Smalling and Alexis Sanchez also potential outgoings. The post Man Utd ‘settle on’ three targets with five set for summer exit appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester United could make an offer for former Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho if Mauricio Pochettino is appointed manager, according to reports. The Brazil international left Liverpool for Barcelona in January 2018 in a deal that could rise to £142m, while he now finds himself out on loan at Bayern Munich. Coutinho struggled… March 19, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United have been given a double boost in their pursuit of Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly, according to reports in Italy. Last week it was reported the Serie A giants have made the decision that there is no room for the likes of Koulibaly, Allan and Hirving Lozano to all leave… March 23, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool are set to inflict another blow to Manchester United in the transfer market, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is a target for Inter Milan in today’s Gossip column…   ANOTHER BLOW FOR MAN UTD Manchester United lost out to Borussia Dortmund in the January transfer window as Erling Haaland chose to… February 23, 2020 In "Sports"