COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 373, deaths 11, recovered 99 Jamie Carragher thinks Liverpool will have to put their reported pursuit of RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner “on the back burner”. The Reds have been heavily linked with a move for Werner in recent months, with reports suggesting that he has a release clause in his contract that expires this month. Indeed, Werner has made no attempts to shy away from the speculation, first revealing his admiration for the European champions before admitting that the Premier League could be an ideal next destination. MEDIAWATCH: Why ‘vicious’ Pogba ‘should listen’ to ‘hard-nosed’ Souness However, reports in Spain claimed Inter Milan have also made an 11th-hour to beat Liverpool to his signature, with Antonio Conte’s side on the lookout for an attacker to replace Lautaro Martinez, who appears destined to join Barcelona. As per Sport, however, Inter had been told that Werner was ‘already very close’ to joining Liverpool and that they had little chance of nipping in ahead of the reigning European champions to sign him. It all adds up to the growing feeling in the game Werner – who has scored 27 times in 36 matches this season – will be Anfield bound as soon as the transfer window opens. However, Carragher believes that the financial squeeze placed on football due to its current inactivity will seriously impact on the transfer market this summer and we’ll likely find many of the top players – previously linked with moves elsewhere – forced to stay at existing clubs and to honour contracts. “Timo Werner to Liverpool?” questioned Carragher during an Instagram Live Q&A. “It looked nailed on before the situation we’re in now so it may affect transfers this summer. “It may have to be put on the back burner, maybe for the following summer.” Those comments would appear to echo those made over the weekend by Leipzig CEO Oliver Mintzlaff, who has moved to quell the suggestions and has even claimed the striker has not even asked to leave the Bundesliga side. “I’m deeply relaxed about Werner,” he told Sky Sports Germany. “He hasn’t signalled yet that he wants to leave beyond this season, and he doesn’t have to. He has a contract until 2023.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Carra doubts reports that Liverpool are ‘very close’ to striker deal appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool must “convince” RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner that he will get enough playing time next season if he moved to the Premier League, according to Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol. Liverpool are reportedly prepared to meet Werner’s release clause of €58million (£50m) in the summer and the Germany international continued to flirt with the idea… February 26, 2020 In "Sports" LIVERPOOL CAN GET WERNER BARGAIN It seems like the stars are aligning for Liverpool and Timo Werner… The RB Leipzig striker has again been talking up the Reds and particularly Jurgen Klopp who Werner labelled ‘the best coach in the world’. The massive flirt also acknowledged that ‘there are a… February 25, 2020 In "Sports" RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner is unsure whether a move to Liverpool, Manchester City or Manchester United would be best for his career. The Germany international has scored 27 goals in 35 matches in all competitions this season with his goals helping Leipzig challenge for the Bundesliga title. His impressive… March 10, 2020 In "Sports"