Udinese sporting director Pierpaolo Marino has claimed that the Premier League are close to releasing a statement confirming the end of their season. The Premier League announced last Friday that there was no prospect of professional football returning by the start of May, and was instead keeping a decision on when the game could safely come back amid the coronavirus pandemic under constant review. Premier League clubs were reported to have told players in a conference call on Saturday that the cost of being unable to resume the season at all would be more than £1billion. It is estimated that of that £1billion, £762million of it would be lost TV revenue, as rights holders either claw back money paid or withhold payments not yet made. And Marino has made claims that the Premier League are set to follow the Belgium top-flight and announce they are cancelling the current season. “The Belgian Federation has already sanctioned the end of their league, despite the threats of sanctions from UEFA,” Marino told Sportitalia. “In England, the Premier League is about to release a similar statement, because the situation there is becoming very, very serious. I frankly just hope we can enjoy football again after the coronavirus. “It doesn’t matter how long it takes, we need to get out of this danger zone. I am worried for the next seasons, not the old one.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post ‘Premier League set to release statement confirming season cancellation’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. A streaming service has written to the Premier League to defer payments due to the suspension of competition. DAZN, which holds rights to stream all English top-flight matches in Brazil, Canada, Japan and Spain, is in negotiations to halt payments until clarity is given as to when and how the… April 6, 2020 In "Sports" The coronavirus pandemic could cost the Premier League “at least £1billion”, the competition’s chief executive Richard Masters has warned. Masters said the cost could be considerably higher if the impact of the pandemic extends further into the future. His comments on the state of top-flight football’s finances were laid out… April 7, 2020 In "Sports" The collapse of sports events worldwide over the rapidly spreading new coronavirus gathered pace Friday with the English Premier League and European football’s showpiece Champions League swept aside by the pandemic. England’s cricket tour of Sri Lanka also fell victim to the virus while suspension of the Premier League until… March 13, 2020 In "News"