COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 323, deaths 10, recovered 85 Chelsea greats Petr Cech and Ron ‘Chopper’ Harris led the tributes to former Blues and England goalkeeper Peter Bonetti, who has died at the age of 78. Chelsea confirmed the death of Bonetti following what it described as a “long-term illness”, adding: “All at Chelsea wish to send our heartfelt and deepest condolences to Peter’s family and friends.” Cech, who surpassed Bonetti’s Chelsea record of 208 clean sheets in 2014, posted on Twitter: Really sad news for everyone from .@ChelseaFC family … R.I.P. “The Cat” … Legend https://t.co/W9j3Lmx1uG — Petr Cech (@PetrCech) April 12, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Bonetti made 495 appearances for Chelsea, a record beaten only by Harris, who described him as the club’s greatest goalkeeper, and “a great lad”. Speaking to Sky Sports News, Harris said: “He was about 5ft 10, ever so slim, and acrobatic. He pulled off some unbelievable saves. “I’m not knocking any of the present day keepers but ask any Chelsea supporter who’s been around for some time and I bet they’d say the number one keeper at Chelsea was Peter Bonetti.” John Terry, who made 492 appearances for the club, just three short of Bonetti, said he was “absolutely heartbroken” to hear the news. Terry wrote on his Instagram account: “Absolutely heartbroken. RIP Peter Bonetti – @Chelseafc LEGEND & HERO. Sending my love and condolences to Peter’s family at this terribly sad time. A true gentleman.” Bonetti, nicknamed ‘The Cat’ for his outstanding reflexes and agility, made his Chelsea debut as an 18-year-old, keeping a first clean sheet in March 1960. Harris and Bonetti were long-time team-mates, as was Bobby Tambling, who scored 202 Blues goals, a record only beaten by Frank Lampard in May 2013. His Chelsea spells were punctuated by a brief stint in the United States with St Louis Stars. He also had spells with Dundee United and Woking. Bonetti made seven appearances for England, including in the 1970 World Cup finals, but Gordon Banks was always preferred. He was in the 1966 World Cup-winning squad, but did not play, belatedly receiving a winners’ medal in June 2009. Bonetti was twice promoted to the First Division with Chelsea and won the 1964-65 League Cup, 1970 FA Cup and the UEFA Cup Winners’ Cup in 1971.  The post Chelsea legends pay tribute to late, great Peter Bonetti appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Bonetti Former Chelsea and England goalkeeper Peter Bonetti has died at the age of 78 following a long-term illness, the Premier League club announced Sunday. Nicknamed ‘The Cat’ because of his agility, Bonetti was a mainstay of the west London side for close on 20 years throughout the… April 12, 2020 In "News" Cech goes for a change of sport Former Chelsea and Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech has signed for Surrey-based ice hockey club Guildford Pheonix following his retirement from football. Cech had an illustrious career in the Premier League and on the European stage, predominantly with Chelsea. The Czech Republic shot-stopper made… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" Real Madrid goalkeeper, Thibaut Courtois has sent a tribute message to Petr Cech after the Arsenal goalkeeper announced he will retire at the end of the season. 36-year-old Cech decided to call time on his playing career having spent 15 years in the Premier League with Chelsea and Arsenal. Cech… January 15, 2019 In "News"