COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 407, deaths 12, recovered 128 Rimdinado International Limited – We are a global brand, leveraging on technology and changing business conditions to provide cutting edge solutions to our communities. We provide human capital management,Organizational design and development and business process management consulting services for our wide range local and international clientele. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Abuja
Resumption date: ASAP Candidate is expected to: Other Requirements, top skills & proficiencies: Application Closing Date
30th April, 2020. The post Quality Assurance Officer at Rimdinado International Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Rimdinado International Limited – We are a global brand, leveraging on technology and changing business conditions to provide cutting edge solutions to our communities. We provide human capital management,Organizational design and development and business process management consulting services for our wide range local and international clientele. We are… April 16, 2020 In "Gists" Teknokleen Limited – In August 1990, Teknokleen Limited was incorporated to conduct the business of hygiene services and consultancy. Through strategic management and planning, it has become a Group with subsidiaries and involved in the business of integrated facility management services, sales and distribution of cleaning equipment, products and accessories,… September 25, 2019 In "Gists" Accion Microfinance Bank Limited  – Established in 2006, began operations in May 2007 on license from the Central Bank of Nigeria. Our management team comprises seasoned and distinguished professionals from diverse backgrounds complemented by the expertise of our technical partners, ACCION International. At Accion Microfinance Bank our core values, business… July 16, 2019 In "Jobs"