A spokesperson for the Spirit of Shankly supporters’ group says they are in favour of Liverpool’s decision to furlough non-playing staff. The PA news agency understands around 200 staff at the club, whose work is effectively idle during the Premier League suspension, have been affected by the decision. Liverpool, who in February announced pre-tax profits of £42million for 2018-19, will top up the public money received from the government to ensure the affected staff receive their full salaries. Liverpool are following Tottenham, Newcastle, Bournemouth and Norwich in turning to the government’s job retention scheme during the suspension of the Premier League “The starting point of this was when the competitions were first suspended, we immediately contacted the club and made it clear that we expected all non-playing staff to be treated fairly throughout the duration of the suspension,” Spirit of Shankly told the PA news agency. “The club gave an undertaking to do that which they’ve maintained throughout. “The use of the furlough scheme maintains that commitment and it ensures that all lower-paid staff who run a variety of contracts will continue to receive 100 per cent of their wage. That’s got to be seen as a positive.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Liverpool fans’ group: Furlough decision must ‘be seen as a positive’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool have announced they have placed some non-playing staff on furlough as the Premier League remains suspended due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The announcement comes as Premier League clubs are meeting with representatives of players and managers to discuss possible wage cuts during the suspension. With regards to those… April 4, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool on Saturday became the latest Premier League club to put some of their non-playing staff on furlough during the coronavirus shutdown. The Premier League said on Friday that the 2019/20 season would only return The post Liverpool put some non-playing staff on furlough appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria… April 4, 2020 In "News" Newcastle have placed members of their non-playing staff on furlough leave as they attempt to protect the club from the long-term effects of the coronavirus pandemic. The PA news agency understands employees were informed of the decision on Monday with those affected referred to the Government’s job retention scheme, under… March 30, 2020 In "Sports"