COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 373, deaths 11, recovered 99 Chelsea legend John Terry has named Diego Costa as “the funniest” team-mate he has ever had. The Brazil-born Spain international was at Stamford Bridge for three seasons with Terry, where he scored 59 goals in 120 appearances. Chelsea won two Premier League titles and a League Cup with Costa at the club and Terry has revealed that he was a big boost in the dressing room as well as on the pitch. FEATURE: Premier League XIs: The brilliant B-Side When asked who was the funniest team-mate he’s ever had, Terry told snooker legend Stephen Hendry in a Instagram Live Q&A: “Diego Costa. I would say Diego Costa was the funniest. “Really broken English, but in the nicest possible way, the best character. On the training pitch he was incredible, he’d would want to fight you, want to win at all costs. That was incredible to have every day. “But off the pitch he was just like a young pup, so much energy, just lifted the whole place, lifted people. That was a big miss when we let him go actually.” The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal. The post Terry picks out surprise Chelsea man as his funniest team-mate appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. After months of bickering, Chelsea last week agreed to sell Diego Costa back to former club Atletico Madrid for a fee that could reportedly rise to €60million but Cesc Fabregas claims there has not been a “pure striker” better than the Spaniard in recent times and is sorry to see… September 26, 2017 In "Sports" Conte and Costa don’t see eye to eye anymore Brazilian-born striker, Diego Costa, has expressed his disappointment at the treatment he’s got from Chelsea coach, Antonio Conte, over his future at the club. The Spanish international however insists he would not succumb to the club selling him off to where… August 14, 2017 In "News" We’ve had Yorkshire, West Midlands, Geordie and Merseyside. Here’s the Premier League Greater London XI…   Goalkeeper: Dave Beasant Dave Beasant’s England debut in the late eighties marked the first time a Londoner had stood between the sticks for his country since Peter Bonetti’s unfortunate Mexican nightmare in 1970. After… April 8, 2020 In "Sports"