COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 373, deaths 11, recovered 99 Paul Pogba has revealed how close he came to having a fight with former Manchester United midfielder Ravel Morrison in training. The duo came through the ranks together at Old Trafford with their careers taking a very different path since their days at Man Utd together. Sir Alex Ferguson once hailed Morrison – who is currently on loan at Middlesbrough from Sheffield United – as the ‘best kid you will ever see’ in chat with Wayne Rooney and Rio Ferdinand but the 27-year-old has struggled to fulfill his potential. MEDIAWATCH: The sheer absurdity of a one-sided d*ck-measuring contest And Pogba has recalled an incident between the pair where they came close to fighting on the training pitch. “So I was training and obviously everyone knows how good Rav is with the ball,” Pogba told Man Utd’s podcast. “He was dribbling [past] players. I took the ball from him and he got angry a bit and kicked me. “I couldn’t speak English so I looked at him and [thought] ‘that’s okay, I’ll wait until you get the ball’ [laughs]. I smashed him. “He started talking to me in English and I responded in French. “You know, ‘Okay we will see after in the changing room. Okay, no problem. I’m not scared of you’. “After, he came to me and hugged, you know, and, since then, we’re very close. It’s a strange story and funny but that happens a lot in football and now we’re very good friends.”  The F365 Show is on hiatus until the football returns. Subscribe now ready for its glorious comeback. In the meantime, listen to the latest episode of Planet Football’s 2000s podcast, The Broken Metatarsal.  The post Pogba names Sheff Utd man he was ready to fight in Man Utd training appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  (FILES) In this file photo taken on December 02, 2017 Manchester United's Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho (L) reacts as he talks with Manchester United's Belgian striker Romelu Lukaku (C) and Manchester United's French midfielder Paul Pogba during the English Premier League football match between Arsenal and Manchester United at the… September 26, 2018 In "News" Graeme Souness has again slammed Paul Pogba, this time for “dancing at a wedding” and “shooting hoops” while out injured for Manchester United. The World Cup winner has played just eight times for the Red Devils this season, and has been linked with the Old Trafford exit. Souness has consistently… March 1, 2020 In "Sports" Super agent Mino Raiola has confirmed that Paul Pogba is not pushing for a January departure from Manchester United. United exit links Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss campaign last time out, during which the Frenchman… December 30, 2019 In "Sports"