COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 373, deaths 11, recovered 99 @wanasambo More than ever, we’re looking for longevity in the clothes we invest in: and if you’re contemplating how to dress post COVID-19 (especially for work) you’re in luck!  If you’re looking to invest in quality, evergreen pieces you can wear for years to come – look out for key pieces from Wana Sambo/ The brand known for workwear pieces with a twist, is running a 30% off sale. If you’re looking for timeless wardrobe staples there’s no better place to begin. For a jumpstart on pared-back style, shop these incredibly chic Wana Sambo pieces from now till the 19th of April on www.wanasambo.com. Use Discount Code: ENDCOVID19 at checkout! @wanasambo @wanasambo @wanasambo @wanasambo The post Did Someone Say Sale?! You Can Shop These Wana Sambo Pieces Now for a Fraction of the Price appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Over the years, Nigerian womenswear brand Wana Sambo has successfully established itself in Nigeria as the go-to brand for many fashionable women with a taste for quality, stylish clothing from a homegrown brand. In today’s BN Collection to Closet, we feature the super stylish fashion influencer Kaylah Oniwo, who seems… August 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" Womenswear brand Wana Sambo has released the first part of its latest collection tagged “The Woman Who Conquers”. The collection is an ode to women who do not conform to ideals that put limitations on women in society. The brand was inspired by specific leading women from different industries in the creation… February 23, 2020 In "Entertainment" There’s nothing we love more than buying Nigerian designers here at BellaNaija Style – like many of you we are solidly Team #WearNigerian. So if you are not quite ready for all your #DettyDecember events we have great news for you! Jewel Jemila is having a sale and it starts… December 14, 2019 In "Entertainment"