COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 IMMEDIATE past Executive Director, Projects of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Engr. Samuel Adjogbe has described the late Chief of Staff to President Mohammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari as a committed statesman whose life reflected the rare virtues of trust, immeasurable loyalty, commitment and sacrifice in service to the nation. Adjogbe in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Ogheneovo Itefue,
condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari and the family of the late Chief of Staff, enjoining them to take solace in the fact that the late Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari lived a good life worthy of emulation. He said: “The late Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari displayed humility in the discharge of his duties. His death is indeed a great loss to our nation. It is my fervent prayer that the Almighty Allah grants his soul eternal rest. “My thoughts and prayers are with Mr President, the Abba Kyari family and loved ones who are in grief over his demise. May Allah grant them the fortitude and strength to bear this irreparable loss”. Vanguard The post Abba Kyari’s death, a great loss to Nigeria — Adjogbe appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  COVID19 Update(Nigeria):   The National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN), has commiserated with President Muhammadu Buhari over the demise of his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari The Institute in a letter of condolence addressed to President Buhari, described the late Kyari as dedicated and committed to the progress of… April 18, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has expressed sadness over the passing away of Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. Okowa said he was pained by the fact that the elder statesman died of the dreaded COVID-19. The governor’s condolence was conveyed in a statement… April 18, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Abba Kyari …condoles Buhari, his family By Festus Ahon, ASABA DELTA State Governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa has expressed sadness on the passing away of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari, saying he was pained by the fact that the elder statesman died of… April 18, 2020 In "News"