COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Jurgen Klopp “would be looking” to sign Adam Lallana for Liverpool “if you go back five years”. Lallana is likely to leave Liverpool this summer upon the expiration of a contract he extended in February 2017. The England international has been a crucial part of Klopp’s Liverpool revolution, the 31-year-old unfortunately working with the manager towards the latter part of his playing career. Lallana perhaps summed up the change of managers between Klopp and Brendan Rodgers in the former’s first game in October 2015, collapsing into the German’s arms after pressing the life out of some gegens. But he will now consider options ranging from Leicester to Arsenal or Tottenham and even Manchester United, if Troy Deeney had things his own way. Liverpool legend Thompson regrets that Lallana was inherited relatively late by Klopp and suggests he fills a creative role so well that he would have been targeted “if you go back five years”. “If you go back five years you’d be looking to bring Lallana in,” he told Sky Sports. “He’s the creative one in that hole behind Bobby Firmino, and I think that is an important place we can look to strengthen.” “I do think we need a bit of a creative player. I know they’re talking about Adam Lallana going, but he is that sort of player.” Thompson also expressed his desire for Liverpool to strengthen at left-back, where Andy Robertson has started 27 Premier League games this season and James Milner has filled in twice. “I think we do need a back-up for Andy Robertson. He does play a lot of games,” he added. “Neco Williams, at right-back, I do see him being able to cover for Trent, but I think at left-back, Larouci, the young lad we have is a really good player, but I think we need someone a bit more experienced.” The post Liverpool hero names star Klopp would’ve signed five years ago appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana would improve Manchester United’s squad, according to Watford captain Troy Deeney. Lallana, who moved to Anfield in 2014, was a regular under Brendan Rodgers and enjoyed a long spell in the side under current manager Jurgen Klopp. However, the additions of Fabinho and Naby Keita pushed the… April 8, 2020 In "Sports" Adam Lallana believes there is “nothing going wrong” at Liverpool and revealed Jurgen Klopp’s message to the players after their 2-0 defeat to Chelsea in the FA Cup. The defeat follows losses to Watford and Atletico Madrid with a win against West Ham the only positive result in the four-game… March 4, 2020 In "Sports" The German told reporters before his side face Leicester City in the final of the Premier League Asia Trophy in Hong Kong on Saturday. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp on Friday brushed off a reported $93 million offer from Barcelona for Brazilian playmaker Philippe Coutinho, insisting: "We&apos;re not a selling club.""We… July 21, 2017 In "News"