COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Oyo State Chapter of the Association of Professional Retired Nurses and Midwives of Nigeria, has commended Governor Seyi Makinde on his efforts at curtailing the spread of coronavirus alao known as COVID-19 in the state. The association also donated to Oyo State COVID-19 Endowment Fund In a letter dated April 15 and forwarded to Governor Makinde on Wednesday in Ibadan noted with joy the deployment of commendable measures by the governor in attacking the scourge of the viral disease in the state. The letter made available to journalists in Ibadan, the association said “we commended the prompt establishment of the Oyo State Infectious Disease Hospital, Olodo as well as the Drive-Through and Walkthrough Test Centres in the state as attested that you are fighting the disease headlong,” it said. It commended governor for the good work towards fighting COVID-19, assuring him of their support for every effort to contain the pandemic. According to the association, in supporting the good work that your Excellency and your team are doing towards curtailing and containing the scourge of COVID-18 pandemic in Oyo State that we hereby give our widows mite of N200,000. “The said amount has been credited into the Oyo State COVID-19 Endowment Fund Account domiciled at first bank”, it said. The nurses however prayed that the governor’s effort would bring succor and easement to the good people of the state. REMI FEYISIPO,Ibadan. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Efforts of the Oyo State government to contain and control the COVID-19 pandemic from spreading in the state have received major boosts as well-meaning individuals from within and outside the state joined the fight against the virus through financial donations. This followed the setting up accounts named Oyo State COVID-19… April 3, 2020 In "News" Hon. Ajibola Muraina By Adeola Badru President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to retrace his steps and include Oyo State and other states with confirmed cases of Covid-19 in whatever measures being taken by the Federal Government to curtail the spread of the virus in the country. A three-term… March 30, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Members of the Association of Local Government Information Officers (ALGIO) chapel of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State chapter, on Saturday, kick-started a sensitization campaign to the grassroots on how to prevent the novel Coronavirus. The campaign under the aegis of the Coalition for Grassroots Volunteers… April 19, 2020 In "News"