COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The transfer plans of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have reportedly gone up in smoke after Ed Woodward’s latest comments regarding football’s current financial situation. Executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward has played down expectations that United will spend big this summer, telling fans: “Nobody should be under any illusions about the scale of challenge facing everyone in football and it may not be ‘business as usual’ for any clubs, including ourselves, in the transfer market this summer. “As ever, our priority is the success of team, but we need visibility of the impact across the whole industry, including timings of the transfer window, and the wider financial picture, before we can talk about a return to normality. FEATURE: Top ten most valuable players with expiring contracts “On this basis, I cannot help feeling that speculation around transfers of individual players for hundreds of millions of pounds this summer seems to ignore the realities that face the sport.” Before the crisis, Daily Star Sport reported that the Red Devils were confident of luring the £100m-rated Jadon Sancho to Old Trafford and they were also keen on Harry Kane, who Tottenham had slapped a £250m asking price on. A report from the Evening Standard claims that the duo were part of Solskjaer’s nine-man transfer shortlist, although Woodward’s comments appear to suggest that United were not be involved in numerous deals this summer. Jack Grealish, James Maddison, Donny van de Beek, Moussa Dembele, Erling Haaland, Timo Werner and Raul Jimenez were the other names mentioned, with the Red Devils known to be looking at strengthening a number of areas of their team. Speaking earlier this month, Solskjaer spoke about United’s future transfer plans, telling Sky Sports: “Football is going to get back to normality at one point, and it’s very important we’re ready when that happens. The post Solskjaer nine-deep Man Utd shortlist abandoned after Woodward intervention appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Manchester United executive vice-chairman, Ed Woodward and manager, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, have identified Paris Saint-Germain star, Adrien Rabiot, as a possible replacement for departing midfielder, Ander Herrera. Herrera is widely expected to join Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer this summer. The Spaniard has already sent a message to the… May 14, 2019 In "News" As Manchester United chase a return to the European Champions League, Executive Vice-Chairman Ed Woodward said after financial results were dented by the team’s absence from this season’s tournament. Woodward has been backing Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to forge a team that mixes top talent from around the… February 26, 2020 In "News" How the Glazers have reacted to Man United’s horror start Could Manchester United be sucked into this season’s Premier League relegation dogfight? That previously unthinkable situation is now a real fear for those at Old Trafford. After 8 matches this season, Man United are just two points clear of the… October 8, 2019 In "Sports"