COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 305, deaths 7, recovered 58 As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) endeavours, and in its efforts to alleviate the anguish of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Petroleum Technology Association of Nigeria (PETAN) is partnering with the Nigerian Content Development Monitoring Board (NCDMB) to donate ambulances, personal protective equipment (PPE) and other medical equipment to Bayelsa, Delta and Rivers State governments respectively. This was made known by the newly elected Chairman of the Association, Mr. Nik Odinuwe, in Port Harcourt. He said the association is aware of the immense strain COVID-19 pandemic has placed on the healthcare system in Nigeria, and that, with PETAN’s donation, he hopes a substantial fight against this virus will be won, in the three states and the entire country. Echoing some of the sentiments of the Chairman, Dr. Lucky Akhiwu, the Publicity Secretary of the Association, said the whole country is working tirelessly to slowdown the spread of Coronavirus and that PETAN will be proud to help on a continuous basis. According to him, PETAN member companies are presently reaching out to their host communities, to provide them with palliative materials to help ease their struggles in this time of need. In his final remark, Odinuwe thanked the health care personnel for their selflessness in the fight against the virus, and urged members of the public to stay in their homes, wash their hands regularly, and comply with the stipulated social distance gap. PETAN, as a reputable association, continuously takes care of the well being of her staff, and now is working in close association with her members host communities, to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. Vanguard The post COVID-19: PETAN donates items to Bayelsa, Rivers, Delta States appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. • Keyamo, Omo-Agege condemn killing • Bayelsa domesticates quarantine act as gov order markets closed • A’Ibom, NCDC disagree over status of 5 cases • Doctor treating COVID-19 patients at Edo hospital tests positive for disease • Delta records appreciable level of compliance on Day 2 By Samuel Oyadongha, Jimitota… April 3, 2020 In "News" By Ike Uchechukwu – Calabar The Nigerian Medical Association in Cross River State has suspended the strike which it embarked upon on March 12, following the kidnap of the wife of their colleague, Mrs Christiana Ekanem in Calabar. Vanguard gathered that Mrs Ekanem was kidnapped from her home in Calabar… March 23, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency NIMASA said it has donated 20 ventilators to fight the spread of Coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19 pandemic in the country.  Bashir Jamoh, director-general of NIMASA, who disclosed this in Lagos on Sunday, also announced the donation of the total sum of N50… March 29, 2020 In "News"