Kweku Afro – Nothing To Something Blooming Afro-pop singer, Kweku Afro, is due to release his first single for 2020. The track, self-produced and based on his own journey, is a motivational spiel that emphasizes the value of diligent hustle. It is aptly titled “Nothing to Something.” It is no secret that Afro, though widely considered a repository of immense talent from a young age, has had his fair share lows. But like all true winners, those troubling experiences, rather than causing him to resign, have served as invaluable motivation. “This song draws from the struggles I’ve had to endure throughout my ascent as a musician; working hard despite tribulation, and knowing that one day, a breakthrough would crown my efforts. It’s a celebration of my transition from penury to landing my record deal.” SEE ALSO: Justice Bangura – Sound In Motion (EP) He adds that the number is also “a cautionary tale on how to treat people regardless of their current situation, as their story could change at any moment.” Heralding a yet-to-be-released 2020 EP, the joint arrives April 3, under Twist Entertainment Legacy, where Afro currently calls home. Known to his mother as David Kweku Appiah-Kubi, Kweku Afro, who also resonds to the alias “Maestro” is a self-taught multi-instrumentalist, producer, and choreographer. Famed across the country’s live band circuit, he has shared stages with some of the country’s preeminent names, and has enjoyed musical partnerships with the likes of Darkovibes, FRA, Adina, and a host of others. Check out the new record below and let us know what you think. AUDIO DOWNLOAD ITUNES/APPLE MUSIC Life is turn by turn, nobody knows tomorrow As i live my life i dey learn o I no fit come kill myself o I dey cut my coat according to my size Nobody ever my story cos i dey keep am to myself Today i go fit tell my story From nothing to something, nothing to something From zero to hero The post VIDEO: Kweku Afro – Nothing To Something appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay First name * Email * Phone Number  Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 