COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 323, deaths 10, recovered 85 Former Governor of Abia State and Senator representing Abia Central, Senator T.A. Orji, has disowned misleading campaign posters adorning the streets of Aba and Umuahia in Abia State indicating that he nurses a presidential ambition come 2023. In a statement signed by his chief liaison officer, Mr Ifeanyi Umere, and released to newsmen on Monday, Senator T.A. Orji, reemphasized his earlier stance that he has no political ambition after his current tenure as senator expires in 2023, describing those behind the posters as people “who are not happy with his towering status in national politics”. The statement in full reads: “Our attention has been drawn to some posters adorning some streets in Umuahia and Aba purporting that Senator T.A. Orji is running for President come 2023. READ ALSO: Indefinite lockdown? What Buhari said about lockdown extension “This is to let the public know that Senator T.A. Orji is not running for any political position in 2023 as he has last year declared that he is quitting politics in 2023. “Those behind this act are those who are not happy with the towering status of the former Abia State Governor in national politics. “Senator TA Orji is using this opportunity to assure his constituents that he will not be distracted by this latest antics of these political merchants of falsehood, as he will remain focused in delivering the dividends of democracy to the people.” VANGUARD The post I will quit politics in 2023, Senator Orji insists appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. By Henry Ojelu A socio-cultural group,  Abians  for Equity,  has asked the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC,  to show serious commitment,  on the investigation and prosecution of former governor of Abia State, T.A Orji and his son Chinedu Orji over the alleged looting of the state treasury to the… February 10, 2020 In "News" By Andrew Essien, Abuja The Igbo community has begun campaigns for the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari ahead of 2019, just as it advised a former governor of Abia state, Orji Uzor Kalu to desist from speaking in a manner that suggests that President Buhari may not be interested in… November 26, 2017 In "News" Igbos in Abuja have kick-started campaign for President Buhari’s re-election ahead of 2019. Nigerians from the eastern part of Nigeria have begun campaign for Muhammadu Buhari’s re-election ahead of the 2019 general elections.Speaking at the inauguration of the group, of Ndigbo for Buhari 2019, on Sunday, November 26, 2017, an… November 26, 2017 In "News"