The Nigeria Immigration Service  NIS has released application details for its new Visa-on-Arrival policy for Africans and non-Africans. In a statement posted on its website on Monday, the Service listed the category of persons eligible for Visa on Arrival. President Muhammadu Buhari had recently announced the policy for Africans travelling to Nigeria, explaining that it will “bring down barriers that have hindered the free movement of our people within the continent”. According to the NIS statement; “This is to notify the General Public that Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has rolled out a new Visa on Arrival Application Process for all Business Travelers and African Union (AU) countries, except for ECOWAS member countries”. Aside from other details which are available on the website, the Service added that the visa on arrival is available to “Frequently travelled High Net Worth Investors with business interest in Nigeria, and Citizens of African countries.” Documents necessary during the application process include: an original passport photograph, an introduction or application letter addressed to “The Comptroller General of Immigration, NIS HQ, Abuja, stating their name, nationality, passport number, purpose of visit, proposed date of visit and port of entry, flight itinerary, and address in Nigeria or hotel reservation.” Vanguard The post Immigration Service unveils Visa on Arrival application details appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Lagos – Few months after the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) introduced the Visa-On-Arrival policy with online payment of fees, the initiative is being threatened by bribery allegations. A source close to the service disclosed that intending travellers to the country now go through hurdles to obtain visas unlike in the past… July 2, 2019 In "News" The Comptroller General, Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Muhammed Babandede, on Friday said the visa on arrival for holders of passports of African countries from January 2020 was to accelerate African Integration. Babandede, who disclosed this in a statement by Mr. Sunday James, the service Public Relations Officer, in Abuja said… December 13, 2019 In "News" The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has graduated 509 officers of the 3rd Conversion and Upgrading Course at the Immigration Training School, Kano, Kano State. The Comptroller General, Mr Muhammad Babandede, disclosed this in a statement by the Service Public Relation Officer, NIS, Mr Sunday James, on Saturday in Abuja. Babandede… December 21, 2019 In "News"