Tottenham are reportedly in talks with Porto over striker Ze Luis, having confirmed the signing of Benfica’s Gedson Fernandes on Wednesday. Spurs are in desperate need of reinforcements in attack following Harry Kane’s recent injury. The Englishman could be on the sidelines all the way until the end of the season, with Spurs having no recognised striker in the team. Lucas Moura featured upfront when Kane missed some of last season due to injury, but is typically considered a winger. Now, following Kane’s injury, Tottenham are in talks to sign a striker in the January transfer window. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 01: Jose Mourinho, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur embraces Harry Kane of Tottenham Hotspur as he walks off the pitch after picking up an injury during the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Tottenham Hotspur at St Mary’s Stadium on January 01, 2020 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images) According to the Evening Standard, Spurs are in talks with Porto over the loan signing of striker Ze Luis. It’s claimed that Spurs were ‘offered the striker by Jose Mourinho’s agent Jorge Mendes.’ They then explain: ‘Mourinho wants to add at least one forward to his squad after losing Harry Kane to a torn hamstring, which is expected to rule him out until April.’ Ze Luis would represent a pretty low-risk move, with the player only signing on loan and presumably with an option to buy, though the Standard don’t mention any clause. He’s also scored a decent seven goals in 12 league games for Porto this season. Though, Ze Luis would require a work permit if he is to complete a move to the Premier League and that could bring up some issues. Ja la vao uma mão cheia, parabens meu homenzinho, so pesso a Deus q te dê sempre saúde, vou tar aqui sempre pra ti, apoiando, e fazendo de tudo pra tua felicidade ser a minha sempre… ver te a sorrir vai ser sempre um objectivo meu, amo te muuuuuito… A post shared by  Zeluis (@zeluis_9) on Jan 12, 2020 at 10:37am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Ze Luis would only add to the work Spurs have done so far in this window. While West Ham looked set to sign him at one stage, Tottenham have now confirmed the signing of Gedson Fernandes. The midfielder has signed on an initial 18-month loan, with Spurs claiming they have an option to buy. Fernandes will no doubt bolster Spurs’ midfield, with the Lilywhites having recently lost Moussa Sissoko to injury. #BemVindoGedson A post shared by  Tottenham Hotspur (@spursofficial) on Jan 15, 2020 at 1:01am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Tottenham the latest club tipped to move for Edinson Cavani Christian Eriksen reaches ‘agreement in principle’ with Inter Milan – Times Source: Great Goals Bad news for Tottenham Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho has given an update on Harry Kane’s hamstring injury, while also discussing his January transfer window plans. Kane suffered his injury towards the end of the clash with Southampton on Wednesday. The Englishman stretched for a cross late in the game and… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Reinforcements in attack Tottenham have reportedly joined the race for AC Milan striker Krzysztof Piatek, following Harry Kane’s recent hamstring injury. Spurs were rocked by the injury to Kane during their clash with Southampton on New Year’s Day. The Englishman stretched for a cross during the latter stages of the… January 8, 2020 In "Sports" Gedson Fernandes Portugal midfielder Gedson Fernandes became the first signing of the Jose Mourinho era at Tottenham on Wednesday as the manager bids to revive the club’s Premier League campaign. The 21-year-old signed an 18-month loan deal with an option to make the transfer permanent for a reported £56 million… January 15, 2020 In "News"