Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening spoken out over the club’s intentions for the remainder of the winter transfer window. The Red Devils travelled to Anfield earlier today, for a Premier League meeting with table-topping Liverpool. The visitors headed into proceedings on the back of an upturn in form of late, having bounced back from 3 consecutive winless outings with a pair of victories over the last week. United also stood as the only side to have taken league points from Jurgen Klopp’s European champions to this point in the campaign before today. When the 90 minutes were said and done on Merseyside this evening, though, Liverpool’s class proved too much for their historic rivals. After Virgil van Dijk opened the scoring for the hosts with a towering early header, Mohamed Salah made sure of all 3 points in injury-time, with a breakaway 2nd from Alisson’s assist. Though they were put to the sword earlier today, Manchester United actually performed admirably throughout proceedings at Anfield. The Red Devils stood tall in the face of adversity after going a goal behind early on, and had several clear-cut chances to level things up. As such, despite the result, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was keen to highlight the ‘very many positives’ from his side’s display: ‘The players gave us everything. Today we hung on a bit at the start of second half, but the last 25-30 mins we pressed them and pushed them back. I’m disappointed with conceding from a corner and with the last kick – but very many positives.’ The United boss was then drawn on the club’s plans for the remainder of the January transfer window, after it was confirmed that Marcus Rashford missed out today with a stress fracture to his back, and therefore looks set for a minimum of 6 weeks on the sidelines. Solskjaer, though, suggested that the Manchester giants will only seek out ‘short term deals’: ‘We’ve had many injuries for big players this season. It’s just an unfortunate situation we’re in. We might look at some short term deals as well that could take us through to the summer. We don’t desperately need a striker, if the right one is there and it fits for us… we’ve got players who are chomping at the bit.’ There was no update forthcoming on the Bruno Fernandes situation, though, despite previous reports that the United target may have been present at Anfield this evening. Quotes via the BBC Man United’s Marcus Rashford reportedly expected to be out for 2-3 months Liverpool & Chelsea going head-to-head for Timo Werner – Mirror Source: Great Goals Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening revealed his opinion that his side’s draw with Sheffield United showcased the fact that the Red Devils are much improved when compared to last season. McBurnie strikes late Solskjaer’s men visited Bramall Lane earlier today, for their latest Premier League outing.… November 24, 2019 In "Sports" Former Manchester United defender Phil Neville has this evening revealed his opinion that Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s tactical setup for his side’s draw with Liverpool was ‘spot on’. United 1-1 Liverpool Man United welcomed their fierce rivals to Old Trafford yesterday evening, for a high-profile Premier League showdown.… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United vs Liverpool Sunday’s only Premier League game of the day sees Manchester United host Liverpool. The two sides headed into the tie in very contrasting form. Jurgen Klopp’s side would begin the weekend eight points clear at the top of the Premier League after winning their opening eight… October 20, 2019 In "Sports"