Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 24 kicks off on Tuesday the 21st of January at 7:30 pm UK time, with five ties including Sheffield United vs Manchester City. Gameweek 24 will end on Wednesday the 29th of January, with Liverpool traveling to West Ham. So, all of your transfers for GW24 need to be done by 6:00 pm UK time on Tuesday. But if you are struggling to choose who to sign and who to sell this week, here are some tips. Due to their Club World Cup commitments, Liverpool have played one less league game than the majority of the English top-flight. However, GW24 sees Jurgen Klopp’s side finally play their game in hand. The Reds’ first game of the week takes them to Wolves on Thursday the 23rd of January. But Liverpool then have a second tie in this game week, vs West Ham United on Wednesday the 29th of January. So, with the European champions the only side playing twice this game week, you should probably have at least one Liverpool player in your FPL side. There are a number of top stars to chose from but your best bet will likely be Sadio Mane. Mane is currently the 2nd best midfielder on FPL, only behind Kevin De Bruyne. SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 28: Sadio Mane of Liverpool during the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Liverpool FC at Bramall Lane on September 28, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) Watford’s resurgence under Nigel Pearson has been quite remarkable. The Hornets looked all but certain to be relegated this season after a dreadful start to the campaign under Javi Gracia and Quique Sanchez Flores. However, the no-nonsense approach of Pearson looks to be working wonders at Vicarage Road. Watford are undefeated in their last six league outings, the latest of which saw them earn a 0-0 draw vs Tottenham. As well as results turning around under Pearson, Watford’s defence has improved a fair bit. In their last six PL ties, the London outfit have kept an impressive four clean sheets. This has lead to a very cheap Ben Foster becoming the top goalkeeper on FPL. And with Watford taking on a struggling Aston Villa this game week, there is a good chance Foster will bag another clean sheet on Tuesday. While Man City’s title challenge looks dead in the water, Sergio Aguero is still firing on all cylinders for the Sky Blues. Despite missing a fair few games due to injury this campaign, the Argentine has bagged himself 15 PL goals this season and he has also provided four assists. Aguero’s recent form has been particularly impressive as well with the City standout scoring five in his last two league games. And while City playing Sheffield United may put you off signing Aguero this week due to the Blades’ tight defence, it is worth noting Pep Guardiola’s side beat them 2-0 at the back end of 2019. Jamie Vardy is the top forward on FPL so selling him may seem like a bit of an odd move. However, both Vardy and Leicester have dipped off in recent weeks. The Foxes have lost four of their last six PL ties, the latest of which saw Brendan Rodgers’ side beaten 2-1 by a struggling Burnley. Vardy would miss a penalty in that tie, meaning the Englishman has now failed to score in his last four league outings. LEICESTER, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 29: Jamie Vardy of Leicester City during the Premier League match between Leicester City and Newcastle United at The King Power Stadium on September 29, 2019 in Leicester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Chloe Knott – Danehouse/Getty Images) Like Vardy, Rashford has scored a fair few goals this season and is the second-best forward on FPL. However, the Englishman picked up an injury in United’s FA Cup clash vs Wolves. That injury then saw Rashford miss the Red Devils’ last outing vs Liverpool. It has also been reported that Rashford is expected to be out for 2-3 months, meaning you probably need to sell the United attacker as soon as possible. Rashford was carrying a single stress fracture in his back, now has a double stress fracture after Wolves game. Expected to be out for 2-3 months. Also has piece of floating bone in his ankle requiring non-intrusive surgery to remove. Been playing thru immense pain to help #mufc — Henry Winter (@henrywinter) January 19, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Jetro Willems is a decent budget option at just 4.6. Newcastle have an ok defensive record and the Dutch full-back is also capable of chipping in with a goal or assist now and again. However, Willems picked up an injury as Newcastle edged past Chelsea on Saturday. Steve Bruce then gave a rather negative update on the defender: “It looks a horrendous injury for Jetro, which is a big blow to us. It doesn’t look great with Paul Dummett either so in that area in particular, all of a sudden, within four or five days we’ve got a problem. “We fear it’s his cruciate. “We’re due a bit of luck. I’ve never known anything quite like it over the last few weeks so we’re due.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. See also: Man United’s Marcus Rashford reportedly expected to be out for 2-3 months Liverpool & Chelsea going head-to-head for Timo Werner – Mirror Source: Great Goals Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 14 kicks off on Saturday the 30th of November at 12:30 pm UK time when Newcastle play host to Manchester City. Gameweek 14 will end on Sunday the 1st of December, with Everton traveling to Leicester and Manchester United hosting Aston Villa. So, all of your… November 29, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 16 kicks off on Saturday the 7th of December at 12:30 pm UK time, when Everton play host to Chelsea. Gameweek 16 will end on Monday the 9th  of December, with Arsenal traveling to West Ham. So, all of your transfers for GW16 need to be… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 22 kicks off on Friday the 10th of January at 8:00 pm UK time, when Sheffield United play host to West Ham. Gameweek 22 will end on Sunday the 12th of January, with Manchester City traveling to Aston Villa So, all of your transfers for GW22… January 9, 2020 In "Sports"