STL – FREE (CONTINENTAL VIBE EP) Emerging Afrobeats artiste, STL, has released his debut EP titled ‘Continental Vibe’. The 8-track project showcases the young singer’s versatility as singer and rapper. STL brings a refreshing twist with songs like “Free”, “Inside” and others on the EP. He enlists producers Emerald P, Ogebeats, Nagra, Mantra and King Maliqq; with features from Dev West, Hi Idibia and Ajala to create a sweet fusion of Afrobeats music. STL, born Stainless Ehimamiegho on September 12, 1997 in his hometown, Benin City in Edo, Nigeria. He grew up Lagos, Nigeria, where he attended primary and secondary school, before relocating to the U.S with his family. He has performed alongside A-list Afrobeats acts on tour in the U.S, including Burna Boy, Tiwa savage, Davido, Mr P, Kizz Daniel, including his older brother, Filon Jay. STL stays recording, performing and building his craft, to become one of Nigeria’s most sought after acts. PLEASE INCLUDE THE MINO MUSIC LINK FOR THE EP:https://my.notjustok.com/playlist/35263/STL+-+Continental+Vibe+%28EP%29 DOWNLOAD AUDIO The post STL – FREE (CONTINENTAL VIBE EP) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Nonso Amadi – Free (EP) Overview of Nonso Amadi Free (EP) Afro soul act Nonso Amadi has just released his musch anticipated new EP titled Free. The singer who already has 2 new singles and videos out this year seems to be having the best of times as he consolidates… August 9, 2019 In "Music/Video" These are good times for Afrobeats producer, Kiddominant who just signed an exclusive music licensing deal with Sony Music West Africa. Kiddominant, 27, is an award-winning multi-platinum selling music producer whose penchant resides in the making of continental hits. His work is spread across celebrated music sensations including Davido, Wizkid,… October 1, 2019 In "Music/Video" Oh you’re here to keep yourself updated again? Well, that’s what we are here for. Every week we see the amazing Afrobeats music videos that our Naija acts are putting out and we’re grateful. Certainly, there’s even more to look forward to. If you’ve been on your social media platforms… August 8, 2019 In "Music/Video"