Nemanja Matic made the switch to Manchester United in 2017. United are believed to have paid around £40m for the Serbian’s services. Since his move to Manchester, where he once again linked up with Jose Mourinho, Matic has racked up 99 appearances for the club. Matic would enjoy a decent debut season with the Red Devils, making 49 appearances across all competitions. However, since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took over from Mourinho, Matic has seen his playing time take a bit of a hit. Matic began to be benched or left out more frequently in the second half of last season with OGS in the dugout. And the 2019/20 campaign has seen the 31-year-old’s game time reduced even further. The former Chelsea man has made just six PL appearances for United this season. Granted, the defensive midfielder has started in Man United’s last three league ties. But you would assume a big reason for that is because United are a bit short-staffed in the midfield department at the moment with both Scott McTominay and Paul Pogba sidelined. Matic is currently contracted to Man United until July of 2020. However, the Sun are reporting that Matic is in talks with MLS outfit Chicago Fire and could leave in this transfer window. The Sun claim Chicago are willing to offer Matic a contract worth £5m-a-year Matic is said to appeal to Chicago because they have a large Eastern European fan base. But should Chicago’s move for the United midfielder stall, the MLS side will turn their attention to Bayern Munich’s Javi Martinez, as per the Sun. See also: Sergio Aguero surpasses Thierry Henry & Alan Shearer in PL record books during Man City’s win over Villa Liverpool star Fabinho provides update on injury recovery ahead of Man United Source: Great Goals Matic’s time in Manchester Nemanja Matic joined Manchester United in July of 2017, moving from Chelsea. Manchester United are believed to have paid the region of £40m for Matic’s services. Matic has gone on to play 89 games across all competitions with Man United, scoring three and assisting three. However,… September 15, 2019 In "Sports" Matic’s playing time dwindling Nemanja Matic made the switch to Manchester United in July of 2017 from fellow Premier League outfit, Chelsea. After making the switch to Old Trafford the Serbian cemented himself as a key figure in United’s midfield. The 31-year-old has featured 92 times across all competitions for… December 4, 2019 In "Sports" Jose Mourinho hailed Nemanja Matic as “a genius”, following his Manchester United debut against Sampdoria. Matic completed a £40million move to United from Chelsea on Monday, linking up with Jose Mourinho for a second time, after the Portuguese brought him to Stamford Bridge in 2014. He has signed a three-year… August 3, 2017 In "News"