Jadon Sancho left Manchester City for German outfit Borussia Dortmund in July of 2017. BVB are believed to have paid around £7m for Sancho’s services. That fee looks to have been one of the bargains of the past decade given what a top talent Sancho has become in recent years. Sancho has already racked up 79 appearances for Dortmund, in which he has scored 26 and assisted 36. Sancho’s emphatic rise has continued this season with the electrifying winger notching up nine goals and a staggering 10 assists in just 15 league outings this term. Sancho also broke a record earlier this campaign, becoming the youngster player in the history of the Bundesliga to score 22 goals. Sancho is also becoming a regular feature for England since making his debut in 2018.   2019 thank you 2020 wait me… A post shared by  Jadon Sancho (@sanchooo10) on Jan 3, 2020 at 12:26pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Rather unsurprisingly, given his scintillating form of late, Sancho appears to be attracting the attention of some of Europe’s heavyweights, such as Manchester United and Chelsea. However, it is now being reported that Chelsea are cooling their interest in the Dortmund standout. The Sun claims that the Blues have enquired about the availability of Sancho and have been told he would cost £120million. However, the same report from the Sun also claims that the London outfit are cooling their interest in Sancho as bringing in a new striker is more important. Tammy Abraham is currently Chelsea’s main centre-forward this term and the youngster seems to be thriving in his new role with the 22-year-old netting 12 and providing three assists in the league so far this season. Behind Abraham, Chelsea have Olivier Giroud and Michy Batshuayi as back-up options. However, neither Batshuayi or Giroud have been overly impressive this term. Aston Villa are also reported to have shown an interest in the Belgian, while an ageing Giroud is out of contract in the summer and has also been linked with a move elsewhere. As a result, it is understandable why Frank Lampard may be inclined to prioritise signing a striker in the near future. See also: Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Man City hoping to tie Eric Garcia down to new contract in coming weeks – Goal Source: Great Goals