LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attends the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey on November 7, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Kirsty Wigglesworth – WPA Pool/Getty Images) As the whole world continues to recover from the news of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepping back from royal duties, it looks like the the former Suits star is now going back to her entertainment roots. According to multiple reports, Meghan has already secured a voiceover deal with Disney, but the deal comes in exchange for a contribution to a wildlife charity ‘Elephants Without Borders‘, a charitable organization that helps to track and protect animals from poaching. Also more interstingly, it looks like Prince Harry was the one that got her the deal as heard in a resurfaced video of him from TMZ, chatting with Disney’s CEO, Bob Iger. “You know she does voiceovers, she’s really interested,” Harry says in the clip. A delighted Iger looks surprised but intrigued Last Wednesday, Meghan and Harry revealed in a statement that they are stepping back as senior members of the royal family, to become “financially independent”. The post Here’s All You Need to Know About Meghan Markle’s Deal with Disney appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija We’re still buzzing about Prince Harry’s engagement to Meghan Markle, I mean, the whole world is! A black woman in the British Royal Family? Hell yeah, we’re here for it! But how much do you know about Meghan? I mean, we all know her from the hit TV series, ‘Suits’,… November 28, 2017 In "News" LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM – NOVEMBER 10: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attends the annual Remembrance Sunday service at The Cenotaph on November 10, 2019 in London, England. The armistice ending the First World War between the Allies and Germany was signed at Compiegne, France on eleventh hour of the eleventh day… December 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Beyoncé was in London for the UK premiere of Disney’s “The Lion King” and guess who else was also there? The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle! This marks the first time the two are meeting publicly. Queen Bey attended the event with Jay-Z and Meghan was there with Prince Harry.… July 14, 2019 In "Entertainment"