Everton have reportedly ‘touched base’ with Cengiz Under’s representatives, with Roma supposedly valuing the forward at €40million. The Blues have been buoyed by the appointment of Carlo Ancelotti a couple of weeks ago. After Marco Silva’s sacking, Everton’s season looked all but over. The Toffees actually fell into the relegation zone after the 5-2 loss to Liverpool. Now, after some fine results under Duncan Ferguson and Ancelotti, the Toffees are looking up the table. They did suffer their first defeat in six games against Manchester City, but will now have a more favourable fixture list in January. Also, Carlo Ancelotti may be allowed to implement his blueprint this month, by splashing the cash on some new players. One player who could be on the agenda is Cengiz Under. FLORENCE, ITALY – NOVEMBER 03: Cengiz Under of AS Roma reacts during the Serie A match between ACF Fiorentina and AS Roma at Stadio Artemio Franchi on November 3, 2018 in Florence, Italy. (Photo by Gabriele Maltinti/Getty Images) According to Bleacher Report journalist Dean Jones, Everton have ‘touched base’ with Under’s representatives to see about his availability. The Turkish international has not featured much for Roma this season. Everton have touched base with reps of Cengiz Under to check out his availability.
Roma rate him at €40m but are open to offers — Dean Jones (@DeanJonesBR) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Despite being touted for a move to Arsenal in recent windows, Under has only featured in seven Serie A games this season, totalling just 281 minutes. As a result, Roma could potentially look to cash in on him this month. Dean Jones continues by claiming that while Roma value Under at €40million, they are ‘open to offers’. Everton are in need of a new winger in their squad, with Theo Walcott and make-shift winger Djibril Sidibé their only options on the right. Alex Iwobi and Bernard have also suffered injuries lately, Everton’s only two left-wing options. While it remains to be seen who Carlo Ancelotti targets in the transfer window, you can expect Everton to back their new boss this month.   Memleket… #Sındırgı A post shared by  Cengiz Ünder (@cengizunder) on Dec 26, 2019 at 6:10am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Conflicting reports surrounding a rumoured meeting between Carlo Ancelotti and the Everton board have emerged online this evening. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park was confirmed two weeks ago. A 5-2 drubbing at the hands… December 16, 2019 In "Sports" A Premier League return for Ancelotti? Former Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti is reportedly on Everton’s shortlist to replace Marco Silva after he was sacked on Thursday evening. Everton had only won four out of their opening 15 games of the season when Silva was sacked, with the 5-2 defeat to… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Ancelotti planning rotation Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has suggested he will rotate his squad for the clash with Newcastle this weekend, following the win over Burnley. The new Toffees boss got off to a winning start on Boxing day against the Clarets, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin scoring the only goal of… December 27, 2019 In "Sports"