Andreas Christensen has been on Chelsea’s books for his entire senior career. The Danish international, like many other youngsters who play for Chelsea, spent time out on loan whilst with the London outfit. Christensen would enjoy a rather fruitful loan spell in Germany with Borussia Monchengladbach. The now 23-year-old spent two seasons with the Bundesliga side and became a pivotal member of their squad. The central defender then returned to Chelsea in the summer of 2017. And during the 2017/18 campaign, he would enjoy a decent amount of game time with the Blues, notching up 40 appearances across all competitions. However, Christensen appears to be becoming less and less important to Chelsea. Christensen would make 29 appearances last season under Maurizio Sarri, the majority of those coming in the Europa League. And this term, with Frank Lampard in the dugout, Christensen is once again playing a bit-part role with Fikayo Tomori, Antonio Rudiger and Kurt Zouma appearing to be above him in the Chelsea centre-back pecking order. A post shared by  Andreas Christensen (@andreaschristensen3) on May 29, 2019 at 3:01pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js And with the January transfer window now open, Christensen is being linked with another club. According to the Evening Standard, Serie A outfit AC Milan are considering turning their attentions to Christensen, if Chelsea indicate they are willing to business in the winter window: AC Milan are considering turning their attentions to Chelsea defender Andreas Christensen if the Blues indicate they are willing to do business this month. But the report from the ES also speculates that Chelsea’s stance on Christensen leaving is likely to depend on whether they decide to pursue a deal for Nathan Ake. The ES claims Chelsea, who sold Ake to Bournemouth in 2017, have a buy-back clause set at £40m. See also: Leicester vs Aston Villa betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Carlo Ancelotti’s tactics questioned by players as angry Everton fans confront Marcel Brands Source: Great Goals