Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas has spoken out over the future of star striker Moussa Dembele, amid rumours that the Frenchman is a January target for Premier League giants Chelsea. 23-year-old hitman Dembele made a return to his home country in the summer of 2018, when the Frenchman joined Lyon from Celtic for €22 million. And, on the back of an impressive stint with the Scottish champions, Dembele has since gone on to carry his goalscoring exploits back to Ligue 1. The powerful attacker’s debut season at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais saw him rack up 20 goals and 6 assists across all competitions. Moussa Dembele just loves a derby goal 🙌 A 95th-minute winner to send Lyon above rivals Saint-Etienne into 3rd in Ligue 1? The fans will be talking about this one for some time 👊 pic.twitter.com/C8DPpCtJdF — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js To this point in the current campaign, meanwhile, Dembele has found the net a solid 10 times in 18 league outings (16 starts). Maxwel Cornet (C) is congratulated by Houssem Aouar (R) and Moussa Dembele (L) after scoring a goal during the match between Olympique Lyonnais (OL) and Stade Malherbe Caen. (Photo by PHILIPPE DESMAZES / AFP) (Photo credit should read PHILIPPE DESMAZES/AFP/Getty Images) As such, the French talent, who has also notched 13 goals in 25 appearances for Les Bleus’ U21 side, is unsurprisingly beginning to catch the eye of some of European football’s heavyweights. Reports earlier this season saw Manchester United heavily-linked with a swoop for Dembele. Duncan Castles even went as far as to claim that contact has already been established with Lyon on the part of the Red Devils: ‘I can tell you there has been contact between Manchester United and individuals close to Moussa Dembele to assess the player’s interest in the move and to work out what the cost would be in terms of salary.’ The latest speculation across Europe, though, has seen another of the Premier League’s giants named as fellow suitors of Dembele. The outfit in question? Chelsea. Sky recently claimed that the Blues are strongly considering a move for the Lyon hitman this winter. BREAKING: Chelsea are considering a move to sign Lyon striker Moussa Dembele. — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) December 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This comes with both Olivier Giroud and Michy Batshuayi tipped to depart Stamford Bridge this month, in search of regular playing time ahead of next summer’s European Championships. If the latest comments on the part of Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas are anything to go by, though, then Dembele will be going nowhere over the coming weeks. Speaking in an interview with OL’s official website, Aulas was questioned on the future of his club’s young hitman. And, despite confirming that bids have indeed been forthcoming for Dembele, the Lyon patron assured that the Frenchman himself has no intention of moving on: ‘Moussa Dembélé will not leave because he wants to stay to win something with Lyon.’ ‘There have been offers for him and for other players but none of those that we want to keep will leave in January.’ Quotes via talkSport Chelsea vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals