Speculation surrounding the future of out-of-favour Paris Saint-Germain star Edinson Cavani has moved up another notch this evening, after it was confirmed that he has submitted a transfer request. Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade. On the back of prolific spells with both Palermo and Napoli in Italy, Cavani was snapped up by Ligue 1 giants PSG in the summer of 2013, for a fee believed to be around €64 million. And the Uruguayan’s stellar goal-scoring exploits have since unsurprisingly continued in France. All told, across over 250 appearances in the colours of the capital giants, Cavani has racked up a sensational 195 goals. The last couple of seasons, however, have seen the South American’s game-time begin to dwindle. BRUSSELS, BELGIUM – OCTOBER 18: Edinson Cavani of PSG celebrates scoring his sides second goal with Kylian Mbappe of PSG during the UEFA Champions League group B match between RSC Anderlecht and Paris Saint-Germain at Constant Vanden Stock Stadium on October 18, 2017 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) After being afforded 20 Ligue 1 starts during the 2018/19 campaign, Cavani has followed up with just 4 more to this point this term. This comes on the back of Mauro Icardi’s summer arrival from Inter Milan. As such, with Icardi expected to maintain the mantle of first-choice centre-forward at the Parc des Princes over the seasons to come, mounting speculation linking Cavani with a departure has come as little surprise. The outfit most persistently-tipped as a landing spot for the hitman, meanwhile, have been Atletico Madrid. In fact, it has even been claimed that a pre-contract agreement is already in place for Cavani to make the move to the Spanish capital in the summer, when his deal with PSG expires. Atleti, however, are far from the only club to have been named as a potential destination. In England, the likes of Arsenal, Manchester United, Tottenham and Chelsea are all also thought to be keen on Cavani’s signature. And, as outlined above, any and all suitors of the South American have today been handed a boost. This comes after PSG sporting director Leonardo confirmed that Cavani has handed in a transfer request at the club, reaffirming his desire to move on this month: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js On the back of Leonardo’s revelation, meanwhile, the manager of one of the clubs most hotly-tipped to swoop for Cavani this winter has spoken out over the striker’s talents. The tactician in question? Chelsea boss Frank Lampard. Speaking in a press conference this evening, the former English international was drawn on a possible move for Cavani over the coming weeks, with Lampard having refused to rule out the possibility, labelling the PSG outcast a ‘great player’: ‘He’s (Cavani) a great player – I played against him and I always loved his mentality and his attitude. His goal-scoring record speaks for itself. I’m not absolutely aware of what the situation is, so we’ll see.’ Lampard continued: ‘He’s an experienced player but so are many other players out there! We are young as a squad so the idea of bringing in experience is not something I’m looking away from. Sometimes the younger players need a bit of help.’ Quotes via Sky Sports Chelsea vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Reports stemming from Uruguay today suggest that Premier League giants Spurs have joined the list of suitors of out-of-favour PSG star Edinson Cavani. PSG stint Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade. On the back of prolific spells with both Palermo… January 14, 2020 In "Sports" As per a report from Spanish outlet El Chiringuito, both Arsenal and Manchester United have lodged offers for out-of-favour Paris Saint-German striker Edinson Cavani. PSG stint Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade+. On the back of prolific spells with both… January 9, 2020 In "Sports" Reports across the European media over the last 24 hours have hinted at a potential swap deal involving Atletico Madrid winger Thomas Lemar, and Arsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette. Cavani links Diego Simeone’s Atleti are known to be on the lookout for reinforcements up top this month. With Alvaro Morata, Diego… January 14, 2020 In "Sports"