Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has this evening provided an update on the club’s plans for the remainder of the transfer window. The Gunners welcomed Chris Wilder’s Sheffield United to the Emirates this past weekend, for their latest Premier League clash. Arteta’s men headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, on the back of a disappointing 1-1 stalemate with Crystal Palace. This brought to an end a morale-boosting run of 2 straight wins, with Arsenal’s woes having been compounded by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s dismissal at Selhurst Park. When the 90 minutes were said and done on Saturday, however, the north Londoners failed to get back to winning ways. A back-and-forth affair at the Emirates eventually saw both sides forced to settle for a point. After Arsenal took a largely-undeserved lead on the stroke of half-time through Gabriel Martinelli, John Fleck levelled things up for Sheffield United 7 minutes from time, to secure a share of the spoils for the visitors. As such, on the back of his side’s latest lacklustre result, Mikel Arteta was this evening drawn on the possibility of adding to his squad over the coming weeks, in the hopes of mounting a charge towards the Premier League’s European spots. The Arsenal boss, though, did not seem overly positive regarding the club’s chances of clinching signings this month. Arteta first revealed: ‘Things haven’t moved at all since the weekend.’ ‘There is nothing new to say on any individual players and when we have more info we’ll let you know.’ When asked whether this meant that it was a possibility that January will pass without any reinforcements arriving at Arsenal, Arteta continued: ‘It’s a possibility, yeah.’ ‘I would not be unhappy without anybody in because we couldn’t. It’s because the players we want to bring in have to be players that will help us and make a difference in the squad not just for the sake of just bringing in players.’ Chelsea vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals