SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA – JANUARY 12: Jharrel Jerome accepts the Best Actor in a Movie/Limited Series award for ‘When They See Us’ onstage during the 25th Annual Critics’ Choice Awards at Barker Hangar on January 12, 2020 in Santa Monica, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Critics Choice Association) It’s definitely a great year already for many Hollywood stars and fans as the 25th Critics’ Choice Awards, hosted by Taye Diggs, honoured outstanding stars, movies, and directors. “When They See Us” won a standing ovation for Best Limited Series with Jharrel Jerome also adding a Critics Choice award to his trophy case for his role as Korey Wise. Sam Mendes and Bong Joon Ho won Best Director. Bong also earned the prize for Best Foreign Language Film while “1917” earned accolades for Best Cinematography and Best Editing. See the full winners list below. The post And the 25th Annual Critics’ Choice Awards WINNERS are… Jharrel Jerome, “US”, Regina King | See Full List Source: Bella Naija There were so many big stars at the 2020 Critics’ Choice Awards, which held at Barker Hangar on January 12, 2020 in Santa Monica, California. Hosted by Taye Diggs, the event was held to celebrate the best in television and film. In addition to the many amazing winners of the… January 13, 2020 In "Entertainment" Awards season is in full swing, beginning with the Golden Globes last weekend and the Critics’ Choice Awards 2020 yesterday. The event which held in Santa Monica, California was attended by some of the biggest names in television and film and hosted by Taye Diggs. From the pool of dreamy dresses… January 13, 2020 In "Entertainment" The 71st Primetime Emmy Awards held at Microsoft Theater, Los Angeles, California, United States. The star-studded event saw some surprising firsts – debut winners like Jodie Comer who won the best actress for playing a psychopathic assassin in “Killing Eve” and some multiple Emmy winners like Game of Thrones, Peter… September 23, 2019 In "Entertainment"