Everton are set to hold talks with midfielder Fabian Delph after images surfaced online of the Englishman supposedly rowing with fans on Instagram. The Toffees lost to Liverpool on Sunday in an embarrassing 1-0 defeat. Everton were the favourites at Anfield, with Liverpool fielding numerous youngsters in an attempt to deal with their hectic schedule. Despite Everton fielding a full-strength team, they went on to lose the game 1-0 after a brilliant goal from Curtis Jones. After that result, tensions have been high. Carlo Ancelotti’s tactics were supposedly questioned after the game, when assistant manager Duncan Ferguson confronted the players over their lack of commitment at Anfield. The players reportedly hit back, blaming the setup, among other factors. It was also reported on Wednesday that fans threatened a blockade at Everton’s training ground Finch Farm. Marcel Brands eventually came to speak with them, and listen to their concerns. Now, there’s even more drama behind the scenes. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 21: Carlo Ancelotti, Manager of Everton is seen in the stands prior to the Premier League match between Everton FC and Arsenal FC at Goodison Park on December 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) It appeared online this week that Fabian Delph had been seemingly arguing with fans after the loss to Liverpool. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js While the legitimacy is certainly sketchy, reports now suggest Everton are looking into the matter. According to the Liverpool Echo, ‘Everton are to speak with Fabian Delph after the midfielder appeared to become embroiled in a social media spat with a fan.’ It’s claimed that the club are dealing with the matter internally, and are working ‘to try and gain a full understanding of the validity of the exchanges and what the midfielder has, and has not, said to the fan.’ Only time will tell if the messages were real, and whether Delph will face any punishment if so. Good team performance again lads, travelling fans @moise_kean andiamo #TunnelVision A post shared by  Fabian Delph (@fabian_delph) on Dec 28, 2019 at 10:32am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Carlo Ancelotti’s tactics questioned by players as angry Everton fans confront Marcel Brands Real Madrid’s James Rodriguez a target for Everton – Mirror Source: Great Goals