Reports across the European media over the last 24 hours have hinted at a potential swap deal involving Atletico Madrid winger Thomas Lemar, and Arsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette. Diego Simeone’s Atleti are known to be on the lookout for reinforcements up top this month. With Alvaro Morata, Diego Costa and Joao Felix having combined for a total of just 11 La Liga goals to this point in the campaign, the capital giants are keen to add some much-needed firepower to their front-line. The Rojiblancos’ no.1 target, meanwhile, has long been named as Edinson Cavani. Amid his struggles for game-time behind Mauro Icardi at PSG, Uruguayan veteran Cavani is viewed as an attainable target by those in charge at the Wanda Metropolitano. In fact, with the attacker’s deal in Paris due to expire in the summer, it has even been claimed that a pre-contract agreement is already in place for Cavani to make the move to the Spanish capital at the end of the season. BELGRADE, SERBIA – DECEMBER 11: Edinson Cavani of Paris Saint-Germain celebrates after scoring a goal during the UEFA Champions League Group C match between Red Star Belgrade and Paris Saint-Germain at Rajko Mitic Stadium on December 11, 2018 in Belgrade, Serbia. (Photo by Srdjan Stevanovic/Getty Images) However, contrasting reports stemming from Spain over the last 24 hours have suggested that Atletico are keen to push a deal for the PSG goalscoring legend over the line this month, to avail of Cavani’s talents over the second-half of the season. To this point, though, no agreement has been forthcoming. And, if mounting speculation across Europe is to be believed, then Atleti have a firm Plan B in mind, should they fail to land Cavani over the coming weeks. This backup operation would see the Colchoneros target Arsenal hitman Alexandre Lacazette. The main problem surrounding the potential arrival of Cavani in Madrid appears to be finance-related. Atletico are strapped for cash this month, and are, as a result, seeking out cut-price deals. As such, the proposal of a swap deal with Arsenal, which would allow the La Liga giants to keep their outlay to a minimum, is now being considered. Such a transfer would see the struggling Thomas Lemar, heavily-linked with a move to the Emirates before his switch to Atletico, join the Gunners, in exchange for Alexandre Lacazette. SEVILLE, SPAIN – DECEMBER 23: Thomas Lemar of Atletico de Madrid looks on during the Liga match between Real Betis Balompie and Club Atletico de Madrid at Estadio Benito Villamarin on December 23, 2019 in Seville, Spain. (Photo by Quality Sport Images/Getty Images) The possibility of such a transfer coming to fruition was first floated by Marca yesterday, and has since been backed by Sky Sports this evening. As per Spanish football expert Alvaro Montero: ‘Lacazette is a second option for Atletico Madrid.’ ‘If they can loan or maybe there is a transfer for Lacazette, it’s always if Thomas Lemar goes to Arsenal and that will be the agreement.’ Arsenal hope to have Aubameyang’s 3-match ban reduced – Goal Man United & Sporting ‘a long way apart’ in Bruno Fernandes valuations – Sky Source: Great Goals As per a report from Spanish outlet El Chiringuito, both Arsenal and Manchester United have lodged offers for out-of-favour Paris Saint-German striker Edinson Cavani. PSG stint Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade+. On the back of prolific spells with both… January 9, 2020 In "Sports" Reports stemming from France today suggest that Premier League giants Manchester United and Chelsea are both keen on the free agent summer signing of Edinson Cavani. PSG stint Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade+. On the back of prolific spells… January 6, 2020 In "Sports" Cavani Cavani PSG striker Edinson Cavani is poised to move to Atletico Madrid in a transfer deal which could be inked in the coming days, the Marca sports daily reported Monday. Rumours of a possible move from Paris Saint-Germain have been on the cards for months, but may be imminent,… December 23, 2019 In "News"