The reliable Globoesporte have this evening confirmed that Arsenal are preparing a move for Athletico Paranaense star Bruno Guimaraes. Guimaraes, a 22-year-old deep-lying midfielder, is regarded as one of the finest young talents in his home country of Brazil. After coming up through the youth ranks of Sao Paulo-based Audax during the early years of his fledgling career, Guimaraes secured a permanent move to Athletico Paranaense in 2018, on the back of a season on loan at the Estádio Joaquim Américo. And the South American has since gone on to establish himself as a key member of Dorival Junior’s squad. Last season saw Guimaraes rack up 35 appearances across all competitions, as Athletico secured a 5th-place finish in the Campeonato Brasileiro. BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA – DECEMBER 05: Bruno Guimaraes of Paranaense applauds the fans after the first leg of the final of Copa Sudamericana 2018 between Junior and Atlético Paranaense at Estadio Metropolitano. (Photo by Gabriel Aponte/Getty Images) In addition, the midfielder directly contributed to a none-too-shabby 7 goals. As such, Guimaraes’ talents have inevitably begun to catch the eye of some of European football’s heavyweights. In the past, the likes of AC Milan, Inter Milan, Lille and Chelsea have been named as keen admirers of the Brazilian. As per the aforementioned report from reliable Brazilian outlet Globoesporte, though, it is another club who appear to have jumped to the front of the queue for Guimaraes’ signature. The outfit in question? Arsenal. As was first reported by Goal, and has since been backed by Globo’s sources, the Gunners have set up a meeting with the Brazilian U23 international’s representatives in London over the coming days. At this meeting, the capital giants are expected to table their first official bid for Guimaraes. Paranaense’s board are said to be seeking a fee between 25 and 30 million Euro for their midfield enforcer, having already rejected an offer from Portuguese giants Benfica this month. Mais um clube na briga! Arsenal terá reunião para negociar com Bruno Guimarães, do Athletico https://t.co/iYVJvHfujA pic.twitter.com/IAlhIYixm2 — globoesportecom (@globoesportecom) January 17, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Watford vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Shkodran Mustafi has been offered an Arsenal lifeline as head coach Mikel Arteta admits he currently has a dearth of defensive options. Germany international Mustafi appeared certain to leave the Emirates Stadium either last summer or during the January transfer window having been told by former boss Unai Emery he… January 16, 2020 In "News" By James Agberebi: Arsenal made it back-to-back wins in Group H with their 4-2 away victory against Belarus’ Bate Borisov in the 2017/2018 Europa League on Thursday. Theo Walcott opened scoring for Arsenal on nine minutes before adding a second in the 22nd minute to make it 2-0. In the 25th… September 28, 2017 In "Sports" England vs Montenegro England are set to kick off their international break vs Montenegro on Thursday the 14th of November. The tie should be a fairly easy win for Gareth Southgate’s men if they are on their game. The Three Lions head into the clash sat top of their Euro… November 12, 2019 In "Sports"