Chelsea and Burnley will go head-to-head on Saturday afternoon. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here. Heading into the tie at Stamford Bridge, the Clarets are 15th in the Premier League. Burnley have lost their last three league outings and are in danger of slipping into the relegation zone. Sean Dyche’s side are currently four points above 18th place Bournemouth. But Chelsea’s form of late has also been rather inconsistent. The Blues have won just two of their last five PL ties and are generally better away from Stamford Bridge under Frank Lampard, which is a positive for Burnley on Saturday. In the league this season, Chelsea have already lost to the likes of Southampton, Bournemouth and West Ham at home. Sean Dyche during the Premier League match between Crystal Palace and Burnley at Selhurst Park on January 13, 2018 in London, England. But while Burnley may fancy their chances of getting something out of the Chelsea clash at Stamford Bridge, they have been dealt a couple of blows ahead of the tie. Sean Dyche held his pre-Chelsea press conference on Thursday. When speaking ahead of the Chelsea clash, Dyche confirmed that Johann Berg Gudmundsson will miss the weekend’s game with a minor hamstring injury. Ashley Barnes is also set to see a specialist about his groin injury with Phil Bardsley and Jay Rodriguez both absent from training through illness. SD confirms that JBG has a minor hamstring injury that means he will miss the weekend game, but is only a short-term absentee.
Ashley Barnes will visit a specialist on his troublesome groin injury, and Phil Bardsley and Jay Rodriguez are both absent from training through illness — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) January 9, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Burnley would also state that Barnes is almost certain to miss the trip to Chelsea. Barnes is almost certain to miss the trip to @ChelseaFC. Ben Gibson is back in full training — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) January 9, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Leicester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Burnley vs Newcastle Burnley will go head-to-head with Newcastle United on Saturday the 14th of December. The Clarets are not in the best form heading into the tie. Burnley have lost their last three Premier League clashes with their latest defeat a 5-0 hammering at the hands of Tottenham. As… December 12, 2019 In "Sports" Sheffield United vs Burnley Burnley face a trip to Sheffield United this coming Saturday. The Clarets head into the match experiencing a bit of a dip in form after losing their last two league ties vs Leicester and Chelsea. They will likely face another tough test this weekend vs a… October 31, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea hammer Burnley Chelsea traveled to Burnley in the final Premier League game of the day on Saturday. The Blues had been in fine form heading into the clash at Turf Moor and it would continue on  Saturday. Chelsea’s standout star vs Burnley would be new boy Christian Pulisic. Pulisic… October 27, 2019 In "Sports"