Inter Milan will offer Matías Vecino in exchange for Tottenham’s Christian Eriksen this month, with the club looking to cash in before the summer. Erkisen’s future has been a hot topic for a number of weeks now. The Denmark international’s contract will expire in the coming summer, allowing him to leave for free. That means he would even be able to sign a pre-agreement from this month forward. However, according to reports, Tottenham could choose to cash in this month. As a result, a few clubs have been linked with a move. Manchester United were linked last month, but a recent report suggested they would not pursue him. Now, it looks like Inter Milan is the most likely destination for Christian Eriksen. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 01: Christian Eriksen of Tottenham Hotspur scores his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Tottenham Hotspur at Emirates Stadium on September 01, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images) According to Italian journalist Gianluca Di Marzio, Inter Milan are pushing to sign Eriksen. He claims that Inter Milan are willing to exchange Matías Vecino for Eriksen this month. The Italian has featured 17 times for Inter this season, scoring one goal and assisting two. Spurs supposedly want €20million for Eriksen, which could cause issues, depending on their valuation of Vecino. Di Marzio claims: ‘The Spurs’ request is 20 million euros, while Inter would like to spend less. For this reason, they are trying to insert Vecino as a counterpart.’ Di Marzio then explains that should Tottenham not want Vecino, Inter would have to increase their offer to get closer to the required amount. Despite Inter pushing to get a deal done this month, it’s also claimed talks over a free transfer in the summer are also taking place between the club and Eriksen’s representatives.   @euro2020 Here we come! A post shared by  Christian Eriksen (@chriseriksen8) on Nov 18, 2019 at 3:17pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As per a report from Sky Sports, Manchester United have come to the decision not to table a January offer for Tottenham contract rebel Christian Eriksen. Spurs standout The story surrounding the future of Danish international Eriksen has proven one of the talking points of English football for some time… January 9, 2020 In "Sports" Italian journalist Nicolo Schira has this afternoon claimed that Tottenham star Christian Eriksen has rejected the club’s latest contract offer, ahead of an imminent departure next summer. Tottenham standout Danish international Eriksen has been on the books of Spurs for over 6 years now, having made the move to the… November 26, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from Sky Italia, Tottenham are prepared to allow wantaway midfielder Christian Eriksen to depart the club over the coming weeks, to ensure that they don’t lose him for nothing come the summer. Tottenham standout Danish international Eriksen has been on the books of Spurs for 6-and-a-half… January 2, 2020 In "Sports"