As per a report from the reliable Sam Lee of the Athletic, Manchester City star Leroy Sane is widely-expected to finally seal a move to Bayern Munich come the end of the season. Rumours linking Bundesliga champions Bayern with a swoop for Sane were rampant all summer. On the back of a somewhat hit-and-miss campaign at the Etihad, during which explosive wide-man Sane often found himself behind the likes of Raheem Sterling and Bernardo Silva in the attacking pecking order of Pep Guardiola, the 23-year-old was hotly-tipped to make a return to his home country. The respective Bayern departures of Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery, meanwhile, saw reinforcements out wide emerge as a priority for the Bavarian powerhouse ahead of the current campaign. As such, Sane, on the back of a challenging season, and with past experience of the Bundesliga, looked an ideal fit at the Allianz Arena. Leroy Sane and Bernardo Silva during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Brighton and Hove Albion at Etihad Stadium on May 9, 2018 in Manchester, England. Unsurprisingly, however, Manchester City were not ready to give up their German international without a fight. On his day, Sane still stands as one of the most electrifying wingers in European football, with Citizens boss Guardiola having confirmed in July that the Premier League champions remained hopeful of tying the former Schalke man down to a new deal: ‘We want him to stay and there is an offer waiting to talk with his agents to extend his contract.’ ‘He is a guy who I appreciate a lot. I like him a lot. I think he has an incredible gap to be better in terms of being connected in the game.’ ‘I have said two or three times that we want him and we want him to stay.’ As such, in the end, Sane stayed put. His subsequent start to the new season, though, proved an absolute nightmare. After being handed a start in the Community Shield versus Liverpool, the winger ruptured his ACL, an injury which has confined him to the sidelines ever since. This, though, has not brought a halt to the rumours that Bayern remain keen on Sane’s signature. And, as per the aforementioned update from Sam Lee today, a return to his home country for the German now appears more likely than ever. While a deal is not expected to come to fruition this month, Manchester City’s players reportedly ‘expect’ Sane to move on in the summer. Lee even goes as far as to state that the winger ‘looks destined’ to join Bayern. City players are expecting Sane to leave for Bayern, most likely
in the summer (obviously Bayern said today that January isn’t an option). He got back to Manchester last week to step up recovery. Was in LA with a City physio for the most part. https://t.co/lQsKYDnGxX — Sam Lee (@SamLee) January 9, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As per a report from the Evening Standard, Manchester City have slapped a mammoth price-tag on sidelined winger Leroy Sane. Bayern links Rumours linking Bundesliga champions Bayern with a swoop for Sane were rampant all summer. On the back of a somewhat hit-and-miss campaign at the Etihad, during which explosive… November 5, 2019 In "Sports" Sane & Man City Leroy Sane made the switch to Manchester City in August of 2016, moving from Bundesliga outfit, Schalke. City are believed to have paid in the region of £45m for Sane’s services. Since his move to Manchester, Sane has racked up 134 appearances for the Citizens, in… November 17, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City forward Leroy Sane has decided to join Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich, after the German club entered into advanced talks with the Citizens. The 23-year-old struggled to command a regular place in City’s team during the second half of the season, with manager Pep Guardiola often confining Sane to… August 1, 2019 In "News"