Newcastle have been dealt a blow in the transfer market, with RB Leipzig ruling out a loan move for reported target Ademola Lookman. The Englishman hasn’t had a great time out in Germany with Leipzig. Lookman was originally at Everton, where he was unable to break into the first team regularly under several managers. He also spent time out on loan at RB Leipzig and impressed. He then returned to Everton but after again failing to impress, signed permanently for Leipzig last summer, which looked like a good piece of business. However, Lookman has not featured as much as he probably would have liked. Lookman has only featured three times in the Bundesliga this season. That has lead to rumours of a potential return to the Premier League with Newcastle. Though, there are now complications. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 16: Ademola Lookman of Everton is challenged by Arthur Masuaku of West Ham United during the Premier League match between Everton FC and West Ham United at Goodison Park on September 16, 2018 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) It was reported last week that Newcastle were interested in a loan move for Ademola Lookman. That deal would have presumably had an option to buy at the end of his spell. Though, RB Leipzig director Oliver Mitzlaff has now publicly ruled out a loan move. Speaking on Wednesday, he claimed that Lookman will ‘certainly’ not leave on loan. “It was certainly not an easy first round for him,” he explained to Sky in Germany, as cited by the Chronicle. “Nonetheless, we believe in him and his quality. So we will certainly not loan Ademola Lookman. “Ademola is a player who has already proven to us that he has a lot of quality.” That essentially means that if Newcastle want him, they’re going to have to pay up. Newcastle would also likely have to fork out a decent amount of their transfer budget to convince RB Leipzig to sell. Right now, it looks unlikely that Newcastle will continue with their pursuit. Negativity is a thief of happiness so stay positive! A post shared by  Ademola Lookman (@alookman_) on Dec 15, 2019 at 11:25am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Source: Great Goals A return to England for Lookman? Newcastle have reportedly held talks with RB Leipzig over a deal for former Everton winger Ademola Lookman, with the player wanting to leave Germany. Lookman has had a turbulent few seasons, to say the least. The winger joined Everton back in 2017 with pretty… January 8, 2020 In "Sports" Everton are close to agreeing a £22.5million deal to sell England Under-21 forward Ademola Lookman to RB Leipzig, according to Bbc.com reports. The Bundesliga club have improved their original offer for the 21-year-old. Lookman enjoyed a successful loan spell with the German side in the second half of the 2017-18… July 16, 2019 In "News" Ademola Lookman has talked up his readiness to take his chances under Everton manager Marco Silva. The youngster has only made five Premier League substitute appearances for the Toffees this season despite putting in a convincing showing while on loan at German Bundesliga side RB Leipzig last term. On Tuesday,… November 8, 2018 In "Sports"