Newcastle United’s meeting with Wolves this afternoon saw the club’s already staggering injury list lengthened further. Steve Bruce’s men visited Molineux a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Magpies headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, on the back of a disappointing spell of form of late. Newcastle had failed to secure a win in any of their preceding 4 outings across all competitions, with their latest Premier League matchup having seen the Geordie outfit put to the sword by 3 goals to nil at home to Leicester. As such, ahead of kick-off today, Bruce’s outfit sat just 5 points clear of the relegation zone. When all was said and done at Molineux, however, while Newcastle failed to get back to winning ways, they did pick up an impressive point. The visitors took the lead with just 7 minutes on the clock, through the in-form Miguel Almiron. 2 – Miguel Almirón has scored with his last two shots on target in the Premier League, having failed to find the net with any of his first 15 such efforts in the competition. Bullseye. #WOLNEW pic.twitter.com/mTOQMjARSJ — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 11, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leander Dendoncker, though, pulled Wolves level inside the opening quarter of an hour, setting up what looked set to be a goal-packed affair. In the end, however, the hosts’ equaliser surprisingly proved the end of the goal-scoring in the West Midlands, as both sides were forced to settle for a point. While the result proved a largely positive one for Newcastle this afternoon, however, their staggering woes on the personnel front continued. The Magpies’ meeting with Leicester last time out saw a quartet of the club’s stars forced off over the course of the 90 minutes due to respective fitness concerns. And it took just 11 minutes for another to follow suit this afternoon, as defender Paul Dummett made way for Florian Lejeune: 11′ We’re forced into an early change at Molineux as Paul Dummett cannot continue. Florian Lejeune comes on to replace him. [0-1] #WOLNEW | #NUFC — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) January 11, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Then, bafflingly, a quarter of an hour later, yet another of Newcastle’s stars went to ground. The individual on this occasion was Dwight Gayle, with a hamstring problem having eventually seen the hitman limp off to be replaced by Christian Atsu: 27′ United forced into another change with Dwight Gayle going down injured. Christian Atsu is coming on to replace him. [1-1] #WOLNEW | #NUFC — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) January 11, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Steve Bruce has since spoken out over the injury crisis riddling his squad, confirming that, as things stand, he is without the services of ’12 or 13′ players: Bruce: “I’ve never known anything like it in 40 years. Three more players injured, Joelinton got a groin injury before half time, he managed to stay on, we don’t know how bad it is. But we’ve had a really tough time, 12 or 13 out.” #NUFC #WOLNEW pic.twitter.com/1dFSiyXPTL — Gary Taphouse (@garytaphouse) January 11, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tottenham Hotspur vs Liverpool live streaming: Watch the Premier League online & confirmed line-ups Bournemouth vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Newcastle United have this afternoon taken to social media, to provide a brief update on the fitness of sidelined winger Allan Saint-Maximin. Newcastle struggling Steve Bruce’s men are currently in the midst of an altogether-disappointing spell of form. The Magpies have failed to secure a victory in any of their… January 7, 2020 In "Sports" Wolves vs Newcastle Newcastle will travel to Wolves on Saturday as they look to put an end to their poor run of form. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here. The Magpies’ league form has been rather concerning of late with Steve Bruce’s side losing four… January 10, 2020 In "Sports" As confirmed by the reliable Tim Spiers this afternoon, Wolves defender Willy Boly is set to miss out on the club’s meeting with Newcastle United, after picking up an injury. Newcastle vs Wolves Nuno Espirito Santo’s men are set to travel to St. James’ Park tomorrow afternoon, for their latest… October 26, 2019 In "Sports"