One of the key clashes of the FA Cup 3rd round sees Wolves and Manchester United going head-to-head on Saturday. The Red Devils have won the FA Cup 12 times throughout their history, the last time coming in 2016 when United beat Crystal Palace in the final. As for Wolves, they have lifted the trophy on four occasions but not since all the way back in 1960. And while Man United will likely be keen to clinch their 13th FA Cup this term, they could well find themselves out in the 3rd round as the Manchester powerhouse don’t have the best record against Wolves in recent times. Since Wolves last won promotion back to the English top-flight, the two outfits have faced off on four occasions. Wolves have come out on top twice with the remaining two ties ending as draws. Nuno Santo’s side would also knock United out of the FA Cup last season. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – APRIL 21: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Manchester United at Goodison Park on April 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Ahead of the FA Cup clash, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer would provide a team news update on Friday: “There’s a little bit of illness in the camp, but that’s normal through this time of year, so we just have to find out tomorrow who’s waking up okay. “Apart from that, players are coming back from injuries. Hopefully we can see Axel soon. Tim and Eric are going to play Reserves games soon, hopefully. “Diogo’s back obviously, Marcos Rojo hopefully soon back, so we’re getting there.” As quoted by Manchester United’s official website. Solskjaer would allude to the fact there is some illness in the Man United camp in his above comments. Now, it seems that illness has effected two of United’s stars. As reported by the likes of BBC’s Simon Stone and the Evening Standard, Anthony Martial and Jesse Lingard have been sent home from training on Friday due to illness. As per others – and from pics – Lingard and Martial sent home from training this morning due to illness. — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Martial and Lingard sent home as sickness bug disrupts Manchester United camp @jamesrobsonES https://t.co/MdxOQe9Vwv — Standard Sport (@standardsport) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Aston Villa confirm Heaton & Wesley will miss remainder of season Source: Great Goals Man City 0-Wolves 2 Wolves would travel to Manchester City on Sunday as they looked to build on their Europa League win vs Besiktas earlier this week. While Wolves are having a decent go in the Europa League, their league form hasn’t been great this season. Nuno Santo’s side started… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" The draw for the 3rd-round of the FA Cup took place this evening, with one tie in particular having caught the majority of the headlines. City’s defence begins After the competition’s lower-ranked teams duked it out to maintain their place in the FA Cup, the Premier League’s heavyweights entered the… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer played down any suggestion of a disagreement over Paul Pogba’s recent ankle surgery on Friday. The Norwegian boss said on New Year’s Day that Pogba’s “people” had advised that the player, who has only started six matches in all competitions this season due to… January 3, 2020 In "News"