Netflix quietly released a new six-episode docuseries called “Pandemic: How to Prevent an Outbreak” on Tuesday right in time for the alarming spread of the Wuhan coronavirus. In “Pandemic,” viewers meet the “heroes on the front lines of the battle against influenza and learn about their efforts to stop the next global outbreak,” the series’ summary on Netflix reads. “Pandemic” creates urgency for the need to prepare against epidemics by following several viruses and diseases around the globe and what’s being done to battle them — as scientists fight underfunding in research and health care, anti-vaxxers, misinformation and political red-tape, including unvaccinated migrants at the U.S. border. Dr. Dennis Carroll, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) Emerging Threats Unit director, says in the show that people should be most scared of influenza and respiratory viruses — claiming that alarmists are more concerned with Ebola, which only infected 28,600 people worldwide, than H1NI, which has killed 151,700 to 575,400 people worldwide, according to the CDC. Dr. Syra Madad, the senior director of New York City Health & Hospitals’ Special Pathogens Program, which helps develop public health strategy to ready the Big Apple for major diseases, also makes appearances in the show. In the show, Madad describes the extreme ease a respiratory virus could spread in New York via air travel. “Influenza is very hard to predict. It takes one person, one host, to lead to a pandemic,” Madad said. The episode titles serve almost as a guide for panicked viewers, telling those watching that “Pandemic Is Now,” “Seek Don’t Hide,” “Prayers Might Work” and “Don’t Stop Now.” The show is produced by Zero Point Zero Productions, best known for making various docuseries for Anthony Bourdain and other Netflix hit docuseries “Broken” and “Rotten.” Source: New York Post Vanguard News The post Netflix releases docuseries as coronavirus spreads to Europe appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard The Netflix logo is shown in this illustration photograph in Encinitas, California on October 14, 2014. Netflix Inc shares were down 3.1 percent at $435.28 after the announcement. The streaming video company will announced its quarterly results later on October 15. Picture taken October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake Netflix quietly… January 24, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian government will consider an overhaul of the private power sector, government officials said following the National Economic Council meeting on Thursday. The power sector was privatized in 2013, but some 80 million Nigerians remain without access to power, and elsewhere the grid is plagued by frequent blackouts, leaving… January 24, 2020 In "News" The World Health Organization (WHO) said today that it’s too early to declare an international public health emergency in response to the rapid spread of a new coronavirus from China. The virus is in the same viral family as SARS, which circulated throughout the world in 2002 and 2003. There… January 24, 2020 In "News"