Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer today provided a further update on the fitness of Paul Pogba, ahead of his side’s trip to Wolves. The Red Devils are set to get their FA Cup campaign underway tomorrow evening. United face a tough task in securing their spot in the 4th round, having been drawn away to Wolves in their competition opener. The Manchester giants were actually ousted from the FA Cup at Molineux last season, at the quarter-final stage. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men, meanwhile, will head into proceedings in 24 hours’ time in search of an immediate bounce-back result. A trip to the Emirates to take on Arsenal in the Premier League on Wednesday night eventually saw United brought firmly back down to earth, on the back of two impressive victories on the bounce. Goals from Nicolas Pepe and Sokratis Papastathopoulos guided the Gunners to a deserved 2-0 win. Key to the Red Devils’ disappointing display in north London, meanwhile, was an altogether sub-par showing from the club’s midfield. Absent from United’s ranks in the middle of the park were both Scott McTominay and Paul Pogba. While the former had been expected to miss the matchup after picking up a knee issue versus Newcastle, though, there had been hope that Pogba may feature versus Arsenal. The French international only recently returned from a lengthy spell on the sidelines with an ankle injury. But, ahead of kick-off on Wednesday, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer confirmed that Pogba is set for another considerable spell out of action: ‘[Pogba]’s injured. He’s feeling some discomfort in his ankle. He’ll be out for a few weeks.’ On the back of Solskjaer’s admission, it was widely-assumed that Pogba had simply suffered a recurrence of the ankle issue which had confined him to the sidelines for almost 3 months between September and December. The United boss’ latest update on his side’s star midfielder, though, has revealed otherwise. When drawn on Pogba’s fitness in his pre-Wolves press conference earlier today, Solskjaer, evidently fed up with discussing the subject of the Frenchman, confirmed that it is in fact a new concern which is bothering Pogba: ‘Here we go again. FA Cup third round and you’re talking about Paul again.’ ‘Paul came back after a long spell out, two games, had a reaction, couldn’t go to Burnley, felt his ankle was sore, we did a scan.’ ‘And it’s not the same injury. It’s a different injury.’ ‘It’s not a major one and probably, as I said, three or four weeks.’ Quotes via Goal Ole Gunnar Solskjaer responds to Man United missing out on ‘fantastic’ Erling Haaland Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Manchester United star Paul Pogba has this evening posted footage of himself working out online, as the Frenchman steps up his recovery from injury. United fall at Newcastle Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s United visited St. James’ Park last weekend, for their latest Premier League outing. The Red Devils headed into proceedings… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has provided an explanation for his decision to opt for Axel Tuanzebe as the club’s captain versus Rochdale, rather than a more senior player. United scrape through The Red Devils welcomed League One outfit Rochdale to Old Trafford last night, for a League Cup… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this afternoon revealed that Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has suffered another setback in his efforts to return to the pitch. Man United vs Colchester The Red Devils are set to get their League Cup campaign back underway tomorrow evening. United will welcome League Two outfit Colchester… December 17, 2019 In "Sports"