FC Barcelona were dealt a mammoth injury blow on Sunday. Since his big-money move to the Nou Camp in 2014, Luis Suarez has been a pivotal member of Barca’s squad. The Uruguayan has racked up 270 appearances for the Spanish powerhouse, in which he has scored 191 and assisted 107. And despite Suarez being set to turn 33 this month, the forward is still in fine form for the La Liga champions, netting 11 and assisting seven in 17 league outings this term. However, Barcelona now look set to be without Suarez’s services for a sustained period. The Catalonian giants announced that after undergoing surgery on Sunday, Suarez will be sidelined for four months. [LATEST NEWS]
Medical communique@LuisSuarez9 will be out for four months
All the details, herehttps://t.co/LC8q3ZLF6S pic.twitter.com/HXwOEbZM51 — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) January 12, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js BARCELONA, SPAIN – JANUARY 20: Ousmane Dembele of Barcelona (11) celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal with Luis Suarez (9) and team mates during the La Liga match between FC Barcelona and CD Leganes at Camp Nou on January 20, 2019 in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images) Now, with Suarez set to miss pretty much the remainder of the campaign, the Evening Standard are reporting that Barca will step up their search for a new striker in the January window: Barcelona will step up their search for a new centre-forward this month after Luis Suarez was ruled out for four months. In terms of players Barca could look at to fill the void left by Suarez, the ES claim both Lautaro Martinez and Edinson Cavani could be options. Martinez has been in fine form for Inter Milan this term, scoring 15 and assisting three in 24 outings across all competitions. But the previously-linked report from the ES does claim that the Argentine has a €111million release clause. See also: Sergio Aguero surpasses Thierry Henry & Alan Shearer in PL record books during Man City’s win over Villa Liverpool star Fabinho provides update on injury recovery ahead of Man United  Source: Great Goals Spanish giants Barcelona have this afternoon confirmed that, following surgery, striker Luis Suarez is set to be confined to the sidelines until May. Barca struggling Ernesto Valverde’s men are currently in the midst of a concerning run of form. The Blaugrana have managed just 1 win from their last 5… January 12, 2020 In "Sports" The Uruguay international has suffered a knee injury that will require stem cell treatment while Arthur and Jasper Cillessen are also now unavailable. Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has been ruled out for two weeks with a knee injury as Ernesto Valverde’s squad continues to be pushed to its limits. Suarez… November 26, 2018 In "News" Luis Suarez is out for an indefinite period after injuring his right calf in Barcelona’s LaLiga game loss to Athletic Bilbao on Friday, the club has confirmed. The 32-year-old striker had to be replaced before half-time at San Mames after receiving treatment following a shot that hit the post. Lionel… August 17, 2019 In "Sports"