Dark Poet – Ripple Effect ft. Falz & MI Abaga Adefemi Odukoya professionally known as Dark Poet is a versatile Nigerian hip-hop artiste. Popularly known for the verses dropped on the Da Grin‘s “C.E.O” album, and DJ Jimmy Jatt‘s “The Definition Album” not forgetting Gino’s “Pain Plus Work”, D.P comes back with his first body of work since the free “Unmixed Mixtape” was released and that was just a compilation of various tracks recorded over time. SEE ALSO: Jayslot – The First Dimension (Album) “Ripple Effect” is the first single off the forthcoming project, the “No Cap” extended play. It serves as a worthy comeback, this is a conscious hip-hop song with a serious message on the brutality and corruption in the Nigerian Police force, painting a perfect mental picture on the ills and previews of the police in the society. This is another step in the right direction for the #EndSARS movement. Check out “Ripple Effect” and share your thoughts below. AUDIO DOWNLOAD GET IT ON DIGITAL STORES The post Dark Poet – Ripple Effect ft. Falz & MI Abaga appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Adefemi Odukoya professionally known as Dark Poet is a versatile Nigerian hip-hop artiste. Popularly known for verses dropped on the Da Grin “C.E.O” album, and DJ Jimmy Jatt “The Definition Album” not forgetting Gino’s “Pain Plus Work” this is his first body of work since the free “Unmixed Mixtape” was… January 10, 2020 In "Music/Video" Nigerian rapper, Dark Poet drops a brand new come back single dubbed Ripple Effect featuring award-winning rappers, M.I Abaga and Falz. The new single Ripple Effect is taken off his highly anticipated EP, ‘No Cap‘. Listen to the song below: https://www.bellanaija.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Dark-Poet-Ripple-Effect-ft.-M.I-Agaba-Falz.mp3 Download The post New Music: Dark Poet feat. M.I… January 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" Drey Beatz – Jeje Overview of Drey Beatz – Jeje Award-winning Nigerian singer, songwriter and record producer, Drey Beatz ushers us into the new year with an impressive record titled “Jeje“. On this self-produced song, Drey Beatz shares his mantra for the year as he sings about the virtues of… January 11, 2020 In "Music/Video"