Borussia Dortmund reportedly remain ‘adamant’ Jadon Sancho will not leave the club this month, despite links with a move away. Sancho has been a regular name in the rumour mill for some time now. Since joining Borussia Dortmund from Manchester City, Sancho has developed into an elite talent. The Englishman has scored 26 goals and assisted 36 in his 79 games for the German side, becoming arguably their most important player. Still just 19-years-old, Sancho has been linked with almost every elite club in football. Manchester United were heavily linked last summer, while Chelsea would supposedly move for Sancho this month. However, Borussia Dortmund are reportedly ‘adamant’ Sancho will not leave the club in the current transfer window. DORTMUND, GERMANY – APRIL 27: Christian Pulisic of Borussia Dortmund and Jadon Malik Sancho of Borussia Dortmund looks dejected after the Bundesliga match between Borussia Dortmund and FC Schalke 04 at Signal Iduna Park on April 27, 2019 in Dortmund, Germany. (Photo by TF-Images/Getty Images) According to Sky, Dortmund are determined to keep Sancho this month. They claim: ‘Borussia Dortmund are determined to keep hold of Jadon Sancho in January despite interest from a host of clubs from around Europe, according to Sky in Germany.’ The report reveals Dortmund feel they would be unable to find a suitable replacement for the Englishman this month, if he was sold. Despite Dortmund’s defiance in the current transfer window, Sky claim ‘a summer move for Sancho looks a lot more likely with numerous major European clubs showing interest in the 19-year old.’ Chelsea, Manchester City, Manchester United, Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and Barcelona are all then cited as clubs who have registered their interest. @smokey_barbers A post shared by  Jadon Sancho (@sanchooo10) on Jan 5, 2020 at 3:37pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Another player who has been heavily linked with a move to the Premier League is Gedson Fernandes. The Portuguese midfielder has been linked with West Ham and Manchester United recently. Though, Chelsea are the latest club to reportedly make an offer. Click here to find out more about Chelsea’s offer for Fernandes. Source: Great Goals Could Sancho sign for United? Manchester United are reportedly weighing up a move for Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho in the January transfer window. Sancho has taken the Bundesliga by storm since joining Dortmund from Manchester City. In his 73 appearances at the German club, Sancho has scored 18 goals… November 15, 2019 In "Sports" The latest reports stemming from the European media this afternoon suggest that Liverpool are leading the race to sign in-demand Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. Sancho’s meteoric rise 19-year-old winger Sancho proved one of the talking points of European football last season. The English youngster, who made the move to… December 2, 2019 In "Sports" A report from Duncan Wright of the Sun has suggested that Chelsea lead the chasing pack in the race for the signature of Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. Sancho’s meteoric rise 19-year-old winger Sancho proved one of the talking points of European football last season. The English youngster, who made… December 22, 2019 In "Sports"