A statistic surrounding the impressive upturn in form being enjoyed by Arsenal midfielder Lucas Torreira since Mikel Arteta’s appointment has emerged online. The Gunners welcomed Manchester United to the Emirates on Wednesday night, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, after being put to the sword by London rivals Chelsea in their previous fixture. This saw Arsenal’s historically abysmal recent stretch of form reach 1 win in 15 across all competitions. When all was said and done in north London 3 days ago, though, the capital giants returned to winning ways, and in style. Goals from Nicolas Pepe and Sokratis Papastathopoulos eventually saw Arsenal emerge with a thoroughly-deserved 2-0 win, securing the first 3 points of the Mikel Arteta era. Many have since labelled Arsenal’s impressive display versus Manchester United as their finest of the season to date. Key to the excellence of the capital giants on Wednesday, meanwhile, was the club’s midfield. Mikel Arteta opted for a deep-lying duo of Lucas Torreira and Granit Xhaka, behind the free-roaming Mesut Ozil. The trio worked superbly together, with all 3 having impressed on an individual level. One, though, was singled out for widespread praise, in the form of Torreira. Uruguayan dynamo Torreira was handed the job of protecting Arsenal’s back-4, and did so in absolutely sensational fashion. The game’s closing half-hour in particular saw the former Sampdoria man come up with countless crucial interceptions and well-timed challenges, to restrict United to little more than half chances. This comes with Mikel Arteta having shifted Torreira back into his natural position. And, as outlined above, the 23-year-old’s latest fine display has since given rise to a remarkable statistic. Since Unai Emery’s sacking and the subsequent appointment of Arteta, Torreira’s 3 appearances, versus Bournemouth, Chelsea and Manchester United, have seen the South American come up with more ball recoveries than he had managed in his previous 10 league outings under his former boss: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal join Spurs in race for Norwich starlet Max Aarons – Mail Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals A number of reports across the European media this evening suggest that Mikel Arteta’s appointment as Arsenal’s new manager is now a matter of when, rather than if. City cruise The Gunners welcomed Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City to the Emirates yesterday evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Arsenal headed… December 16, 2019 In "Sports" Simon Collings of the Evening Standard has this afternoon provided an update on the timeframe for Mikel Arteta’s potential appointment at Arsenal. Arsenal downed The Gunners welcomed Manchester City to the Emirates on Sunday evening, for their latest Premier League clash. The matchup came as Arsenal’s 5th under the guidance… December 17, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal struggling Unai Emery was sacked by Arsenal at the back end of November after a dismal start to the 2019/20 campaign. Former Arsenal star Freddie Ljungberg has been the man tasked with steadying the ship since Emery’s departure. But Ljungberg hasn’t enjoyed the most prolific time in the Arsenal… December 18, 2019 In "Sports"