The World Bank said on Wednesday that due to growth in the emerging markets, developing economies are expected to experience a 4.1 percent rise in 2020. The bank disclosed this in a statement in Abuja. It said the rebound was not broad-based, instead, it assumed improved performance of a small group of large economies, some of which were emerging from a period of substantial weakness. It noted that about a third of the emerging market and developing economies were projected to decelerate this year due to weaker-than-expected exports and investment. The World Bank, however, said the growth among advanced economies as a group was anticipated to slip to 1. 4 percent in 2020 in part due to continued softness in manufacturing. “Global economic growth is forecast to edge up to 2. 5 percent in 2020 as investment and trade gradually recover from 2019 significant weakness but downward risks persist. “With the growth in emerging and developing economies likely to remain slow, policymakers should seize the opportunity to undertake structural reforms that boost broad-based growth, which is essential to poverty reduction. “Steps to improve the business climate, the rule of law, debt management, and productivity can help achieve sustained growth,” it said. (NAN) Vanguard The post Developing economies to record 4.1% growth in 2020 – World Bank appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Tribune Online Again, IMF revises Nigeria’s GDP 2019 growth to 2.3% International Monetary Fund (IMF) Wednesday released a new World Economic Outlook for July 2019, projecting Nigeria to grow by 2.3 percent for the year. The July update revised downward, the Fund’s projection for global growth to 3.2 per cent… July 24, 2019 In "News" For the last seven years, Tim Lee has been warning that a financial crisis in Turkey would set off a wider calamity in global markets. A plunge in the Turkish lira and the prospect that the country might soon need a bailout has spurred an investor exodus in Turkey, one… August 11, 2018 In "News" By Peter Egwuatu Banks in Nigeria and across the world are expected to shift priorities towards growth, digitalisation, and innovation as top priorities in 2018 to be able to remain in business and make remarkable profit. The Central Bank of Nigeria head office in Abuja. This is one of the… January 18, 2018 In "News"