West Ham United have this evening provided the latest on the fitness of Lukasz Fabianski, on the back of the injury picked up by the shot-stopper last week. The Hammers travelled to Bramall Lane on Friday, for their latest Premier League outing. The matchup came as David Moyes’ 3rd fixture since returning to take the reins of the capital giants, with the Scot having secured victories in his previous two. When all was said and done in Sheffield three days ago, however, Moyes’ honeymoon period came to an abrupt end. A dominant display on the part of Chris Wilder’s United eventually saw West Ham put to the sword by a goal to nil. Blades summer signing Oli McBurnie bagged the only goal of the clash shortly after the interval. The result, however, was far from West Ham’s sole concern stemming from their trip to Bramall Lane. With just a quarter of an hour on the clock, Irons’ goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski pulled up with a fitness problem. Worryingly, the Polish international could be seen to be suffering pain in his hip, the same area in which an injury recently kept Fabianski sidelined for over 3 months. The veteran was, as a result, forced off, to be replaced by David Martin. As such, all associated with West Ham had since faced an anxious wait for an update on the well-being of the club’s no.1 And, as outlined above, this update has this evening been forthcoming. Speaking a short time ago, Hammers’ Head of Medical Richard Collinge confirmed that Fabianski has in fact not re-injured his hip, but is simply suffering from some of the after effects of recent surgery. As such, the former Arsenal man is expected to return to action ‘within a couple of weeks’: ‘It is good news in the sense that Lukasz hasn’t aggravated or suffered any recurrence of the previous injury.’ ‘The scan has showed some slight inflammation and irritation of scar tissue, which is quite common after surgery, and obviously the source of the discomfort he felt on Friday.’ ‘We now just need to let the inflammation settle down and expect Lukasz to be available again within a couple of weeks.’ A scan report has revealed that Lukasz Fabianski will be out of action for just a couple of weeks. We’re right behind you, @LukaszFabianski! 💪 — West Ham United (@WestHam) January 13, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Sporting’s Bruno Fernandes keen to join Man United in January – Telegraph Gedson Fernandes to have a medical at Tottenham on Monday ahead of loan move – BBC Source: Great Goals