The People’s Republic of China has claimed the spot for the world’s second-largest weapons manufacturer, according to new research by a leading peace institute. The Asian superpower jumped ahead of Russia, from whom they used to buy many weapons. The United States of America retains the spot of number one as China comes behind, according to a Swedish research institute announcement on Monday. New research from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) shows that four Chinese arms groups generate sufficient sales to be ranked among the world’s top 20 weapons sellers. The four groups have combined sales worth $54.1 billion (€49.1 billion) in 2017. “This research represents the most comprehensive picture of Chinese companies’ weapons production to date,” SIPRI announced on their website. They also noted that the new figures are likely an underestimate, given the lack of transparency in China. The vast majority of the Chinese munitions sold every year are bought by the different branches of China’s People’s Liberation Army. In the previous report published in 2017, SIPRI placed the country at sixth place in the world. These new figures place it ahead of Russia. In the past, China was a major importer of weapons from Russia. SIPRI ranks individual companies rather than countries. Three Chinese arms manufacturers would be placed in the top 10. [dw] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post China overtakes Russia, becomes world’s 2nd largest weapons producer appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard China's home-grown AG600, the world's largest amphibious aircraft in production, also known as "Kunlong", is seen at Jinwan Airport in Zhuhai in China's southern Guangdong province on December 24, 2017. China's home-grown AG600 took to the skies on December 24 for its maiden flight.<br />AFP China's home-grown AG600, the world's… December 24, 2017 In "News" China is condemning a recent U.S. decision to sell $2.2 billion worth of weapons to Taiwan, saying the “reckless” policy tampers with Chinese sovereignty. Beijing’s foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said Tuesday at a regular press briefing China opposes U.S. weapons sales to Taiwan, a country China recognizes as a… July 9, 2019 In "News" Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi played down concern over Africa’s debts with Beijing on Thursday as he arrived in Ethiopia at the start of a four-nation Africa tour. China has funnelled cash and loans into infrastructure projects across the continent, where many African leaders consider Beijing’s terms a better deal… January 4, 2019 In "News"