Iran has offered to give $80 million (£60 million) to anyone that would get her the head of the United States President, Donald Trump. NRC bows to pressure, introduces e-ticketing This huge bounty was placed because of the killing of the Iranian General Qasem Soleimani. Disclosing this, according to Metro.co.uk, the organiser of the funeral of Soleimani on Monday called on every Iranian to donate $1 to fund a bounty on Donald Trump. His words, “On behalf of all of Iran’s people – 80 million Iranians – and each puts aside US$1, it would equal $80million. “And we would give this $80million, on our own behalf, as a gift to anyone who brings the head of the person who ordered the murder of the grand figure of our revolution. “Anyone who brings us the head of this yellow-haired lunatic, we would give him $80million on behalf of the great Iranian nation. Chant if you agree.” Recall that Soleimani was killed last week after a US drone strike on his convoy at Baghdad airport.  Miffed by his death, Iranian MP Abolfazl Abutorabi warned the country could respond to the general’s death on US soil. His words, “We can attack the White House itself, we can respond to them on the American soil. “We have the power, and God willing we will respond in an appropriate time. “This is a declaration of war, which means if you hesitate you lose. “When someone declares war do you want to respond to the bullets with flowers? They will shoot you in the head.” Reacting to Abutorabi’s threat, Trump via his official twitter handle opined that “Let this serve as a warning that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have targeted 52 Iranian sites (representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago)”. However, US government has warned its citizens to be cautious of their movement in response to the recent world events. Trump to Iraq: Expect sanctions if US troops are expelled Disclosing this in a statement published in the United States embassy’s website, US admonished its country men to review their personal security measures. Vanguard The post Breaking: We need Trump’s head for $80m – Iran appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Mourners gather to pay homage to top Iranian military commander Qasem Soleimani, after he was killed in a US strike in Baghdad, in the capital Tehran on January 6, 2019. (Photo by Atta KENARE / AFP) Tens of thousands of Iranians thronged the streets of Tehran on Monday for the… January 6, 2020 In "News" United States President, Donald Trump United States President, Donald Trump has warned Tehran that the U.S. will target 52 Iranian sites if Iran attacks Americans in the wake of the killing of a top Iranian general. “Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American… January 5, 2020 In "News" People carry the casket of Iranian commander Qasem Soleimani upon arrival at Ahvaz International Airport in southwestern Iran on January 5, 2020. – A tide of mourners packed the streets of the Iranian city of Ahvaz Sunday to pay respects to top general Qasem Soleimani, days after he was killed… January 5, 2020 In "News"