Manchester United have joined the race to sign Norwich star Todd Cantwell, with the youngster impressing in his Premier League debut season. Norwich may sit bottom of the table, but one player whose stock has only risen is Todd Cantwell. The 21-year-old has been Norwich’s standout performer this season, scoring six goals and assisting two so far this season. The only Norwich player to score more goals this season is Teemu Pukki, with nine. Despite Cantwell’s performances, should Norwich go down at the end of the season, the youngster would almost certainly leave. As a result, a number of top clubs are tracking him, including Manchester United. NORWICH, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 01: Referee Paul Tierney speaks with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang of Arsenal before taking a penalty during the Premier League match between Norwich City and Arsenal FC at Carrow Road on December 01, 2019 in Norwich, United Kingdom. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images) According to the Mail, Manchester United have joined Manchester City and Tottenham in monitoring him. They claim: ‘Manchester United have added Norwich midfielder Todd Cantwell to their list of summer targets.’ According to their report, Cantwell is rated at £30million and Norwich ‘will be determined’ to keep him until the end of the season, to help their chances of staying in the Premier League. The Mail also claim that Cantwell is the kind of player Man United are targeting in the summer, ‘namely young and British’. It’s also claimed Man United are fans of Leicester’s James Maddison, Aston Villa’s Jack Grealish and Sean Longstaff at Newcastle. If Norwich are relegated, Cantwell would no doubt be the easiest of that selection to sign. Though, there will no doubt be plenty of competition to sign him. No one can tell me nothing. Written off, not strong enough, not quick enough, not worthy of the 14 shirt! Well listen up I’m on my way to the top and no-one is going to stop me! So listen to anyone striving forward and being told all this sh*t tell them you know who you are and where your supposed to be! A post shared by  Todd Cantwell 14 (@officialtoddcantwell14) on Dec 31, 2019 at 8:18am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js In a bit of team news before Manchester United’s clash with Wolves, Anthony Martial and Jesse Lingard could miss the game. Both players were sent home from training on Friday due to illness. Click here to find out more. See also: Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals James Maddison’s ankle injury update In the Times on Thursday, there’s a brief update on James Maddison’s ankle injury before this weekend’s Premier League between Liverpool and Leicester. Maddison has sat out Leicester’s last two matches with an ankle injury after scoring a late winner against Tottenham. View this post… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" An incredible stat, highlighting Arsenal’s persistent dependence on the goals of star hitman Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, has emerged online this afternoon. Arsenal held The Gunners travelled to Carrow Road a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The clash came as Arsenal’s first since Unai Emery’s long-awaited sacking earlier… December 1, 2019 In "Sports" Norwich City manager Daniel Farke has this evening revealed his opinion that Arsenal’s 2nd equaliser versus his side shouldn’t have stood. Aubameyang spares Arsenal blushes The Canaries welcome Arsenal to Carrow Road earlier today, for a Premier League clash. Norwich headed into proceedings on the back of a morale-boosting result… December 1, 2019 In "Sports"