Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed an injury to Richarlison, while revealing summer signing Jean-Philippe Gbamin has returned to full training. The Toffees have been very unfortunate with injuries this season. Several star players have suffered injuries, with key midfielders like Andre Gomes and Jean-Philippe Gbamin being hit with long-term injuries. Fabian Delph has also struggled with injury, while Alex Iwobi has missed Everton’s recent games due to his own struggles. Now, Everton have suffered another injury blow. Though, there is some good news too. 🔜 #WHUEVE #everton #efc #blues #toffees #nsno #coyb #training #westham #whufc #london #londonstadium #pl #premierleague A post shared by  Everton (@everton) on Jan 17, 2020 at 3:06am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Starting off with the bad news, Everton star Richarlison has been ruled out of the clash with West Ham this weekend. The striker has been one of Everton’s best players this season, scoring eight goals and assisting three. Though, Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed that Richarlison will miss the trip to London due to a knee injury. “He had a little problem yesterday in training,” Ancelotti revealed, as quoted by the Liverpool Echo. “He will not be available for the game, we hope he will be available on Tuesday.” Ancelotti also revealed Gylfi Sigurdsson will miss the game. The good news for Everton is that Yerry Mina is fit to feature against West Ham and Jean-Philippe Gbamin is back in full training. Mina has been a star player for Everton this season, and would have been a big miss. Gbamin returning to training is also a big boost for the Toffees. The summer signing impressed in his first two appearances, before suffering a long-term injury. With lacklustre midfield options, Gbamin could bring a splash of quality in the centre, which is exactly what Everton need. Gbamin back training with the team for the first time today — Phil Kirkbride (@philkecho) January 17, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Watford vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Wolves betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Big update for Everton Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has given an injury update on several players, including Andre Gomes, Jean-Philippe Gbamin and Alex Iwobi. The Toffees have really struggled with injuries so far this season. Players such as Jean-Philippe Gbamin, Andre Gomes, Alex Iwobi, Fabian Delph and Morgan Schneiderlin have… January 10, 2020 In "Sports" Massive blow for Everton & Gbamin Everton midfielder Jean-Philippe Gbamin is set for a further three months out after suffering a setback in his injury recovery. The Ivorian midfielder joined Everton during the summer transfer window following Idrissa Gueye’s exit. Gbamin possessed a similar ability set to Gueye and was… October 16, 2019 In "Sports" Injury update for Everton before Bournemouth Everton boss Marco Silva has given an injury update on summer signing Jean-Philippe Gbamin ahead of their clash with Bournemouth. The Toffees signed a plethora of players during the summer transfer window. Alex Iwobi, Fabian Delph, Moise Kean and Jean-Philippe Gbamin were the most… September 13, 2019 In "Sports"