KSBC Advisory Partners Limited – Our client is an indigenous Beverage Company with a global outlook. Birthed by consummate investors, the Company set out to build iconic, satisfying and lasting beverage brands that are available on every table in every locality. In the last two years, tremendous work has gone into fostering a major transformation in the overall systems and processes of the organization. To enable it consolidate on its existing achievements and push to the next level especially the immediate expansion of its product lines, our client seeks the immediate employment of: Job Title: Financial Controller (FC) Location: Nigeria Job Summary & Purpose Tasks / Key Responsibilities Minimum Requirements / Skills / Competences Application Closing Date
28th January, 2020. The post Financial Controller (FC) at KSBC Advisory Partners Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ KSBC Advisory Partners Limited – Our client is an indigenous Beverage Company with a global outlook. Birthed by consummate investors, the Company set out to build iconic, satisfying and lasting beverage brands that are available on every table in every locality. In the last two years, tremendous work has gone into fostering… January 14, 2020 In "Gists" WFO Roedl & Partner is a brand under which WFO Roedl & Partner LP (Chartered Accountants), WFO Roedl & Partner Advisors Limited and WFO Roedl & Partner Corporate Services Limited serve clients’ business needs. Though separate and independent legal entities, the three firms work together to provide accounting, business advisory… October 18, 2019 In "Gists" Asset &amp; Resource Management Holding Company - Established in 1994 as an asset management firm, ARM offers wealth creation opportunities through a unique blend of traditional asset management and alternative investment services. We enable businesses to thrive, and help our clients to maximize their returns and realise their most important… June 12, 2019 In "Jobs"