THE Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum, SMBLF, on Friday, kicked against the proposed plan by the Federal Government to release and grant Boko Haram members amnesty describing the move as wicked. The forum, in a statement, backed the protest by the Nigerian Military Widows Association saying releasing captured Boko Haram members will cause untold devastation across the country. The statement was signed by Yinka Odumakin (South West), Gen. CRU Ihekire (South East), Senator Bassey Henshaw (South South) and Dr Isuwa Dogo (Middle Belt). The statement reads: “The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum fully backs the conscientious objection by Nigerian Military Widows Association against the wicked and insensitive continuous  policy of the  Federal Government on recycling of  Boko Haram cadres. “The release of these terrorists as the group continues to cause untold devastation across the land and inflicting maximum harm on our armed forces cannot be explained on any rational basis outside complicity with terrorism by the  Federal Goverment and unwittingly promoting crime against humanity. “What is the basis of deciding that a Boko Haram member is repentant when the group is still spreading terror on daily basis? Is the government the one raising them to know the ones that are still active and the so – called repentant ones? “We see the whole idea as an ethnic agenda to replicate for terrorists the Amnesty programme for Niger Delta militants who were destroying pipelines during their uprising against the neglect of Niger Delta but not spreading terror among innocent civilians or beheading human beings like Boko Haram. “The 2000 members of the group reportedly released so far are more than enough to cause the surprise President Buhari expressed lately  about the vibrancy of the terror group inspite of official lie that it had been degraded. “Our hearts go to the large number of widows that we have harvested from insurgency and their children. “In order to end this terror and stop turning more of our officers and men’s wives to widows, the government should stop forthwith the recycling of terrorists. Vanguard The post Granting Amnesty To Boko Haram Kingpins Wicked – SMBLF appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Tribune Online Southern, Middle-Belt leaders reject Buhari’s Ruga Settlements The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF) on Sunday kicked against the proposed Ruga Settlements the Federal Government is embarking upon in states of the federation, describing the idea as repugnant, repulsive and provocative as, according to the group, it… June 30, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Boko Haram war and Buhari regime’s duplicity The Wall Street Journal’s disturbing July 31 report of an alleged secret mass burial of at least a thousand Nigerian soldiers who were murdered by Boko Haram terrorists has, once again, brought to the fore the conscienceless villainy and duplicity  of… August 3, 2019 In "News" By Emma Amaize, Jimitota Onoyume, Peter Duru, Perez Brisibe & Gabriel Ewepu •Declare Benue grazing law panacea to herdsmen killings •N’Delta militants demand restructuring, threaten fresh attacks •16 govs agree to provide cattle colonies •Herdsmen: Don’t turn Ekiti to war zone — Fayose warns MAKURDI —The leadership of ethnic nationalities… January 18, 2018 In "News"