The reliable Paul Hirst of the Times has this evening provided an update on Manchester United’s pursuit of Sporting CP star Bruno Fernandes. Speculation surrounding the future of attacking midfielder Fernandes has been rampant this month. On the back of widespread links to the Premier League last summer, the 25-year-old has again been hotly-tipped to make his way to England since the opening of the winter transfer window. Manchester United, meanwhile, have been the club pushing hardest for Fernandes’ signature. It has long been common knowledge that Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is on the lookout for attack-minded midfield reinforcements, amid Jesse Lingard’s struggles. But, with first-choice targets James Maddison and Christian Eriksen looking unattainable, Solskjaer and co. have switched their attentions back to Fernandes. To this point, however, despite reports of intense negotiations, an agreement with Sporting is yet to be found. And, as outlined above, an update on the situation has this evening been forthcoming. As per Paul Hirst of the Times, Fernandes has in fact agreed on the personal terms of a contract with United. PORTO, PORTUGAL – JUNE 09: Bruno Fernandes of Portugal looks on during the UEFA Nations League Final between Portugal and the Netherlands at Estadio do Dragao on June 09, 2019 in Porto, Portugal. (Photo by Chris Brunskill/Fantasista/Getty Images) However, the problem remains the respective valuations of the two clubs. Sporting are said to be hopeful of securing a fee between €70 million and €80 million for their talisman. Manchester United, on the other hand, value Fernandes closer to the €60 million mark. As such, negotiations are expected to drag on into next week. Manchester United have agreed personal terms with Bruno Fernandes, but they are yet to agree a fee with Sporting Lisbon for the Portugal midfielder, reports @hirstclass #MUFC https://t.co/1DdrvLrH5c — Times Sport (@TimesSport) January 16, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js ‘Total agreement’ between Man United & Inter Milan for Ashley Young – Romano Arsenal vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Brighton vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Sky Sports News have provided an update on Manchester United’s widely-publicised pursuit of Sporting CP star Bruno Fernandes. Sporting standout 25-year-old Fernandes has emerged as one of Portuguese football’s star performers over the last couple of seasons. The former Udinese and Sampdoria man possesses all of the key traits of… January 14, 2020 In "Sports" As per a report from Goal.com, Manchester United are ready to reignite their chase of Sporting CP midfielder Bruno Fernandes this month. Sporting standout 25-year-old Fernandes has emerged as one of Portuguese football’s star performers over the last couple of seasons. The former Udinese and Sampdoria man possesses all of… January 5, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening responded to suggestions that he recently travelled to watch Sporting CP star Bruno Fernandes in action. Sporting standout 25-year-old Fernandes has emerged as one of Portuguese football’s star performers over the last couple of seasons. The former Udinese and Sampdoria man… January 10, 2020 In "Sports"