Updates on a pair of potential outgoings from Stamford Bridge towards the San Siro have been forthcoming online this evening. Links between Chelsea hitman Olivier Giroud and Serie A giants Inter Milan have been rampant throughout the January transfer window. This comes with the Frenchman majorly struggling for game-time to this point in the campaign, and Nerazzurri boss Antonio Conte on the lookout for reinforcements in attack. As such, a move to the San Siro for Giroud appears to make sense for all parties. BAKU, AZERBAIJAN – MAY 29: Olivier Giroud of Chelsea celebrates after scoring a goal to make it 1-0 during the UEFA Europa League Final between Chelsea and Arsenal at Baku Olimpiya Stadionu on May 29, 2019 in Baku, Azerbaijan. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) However, as confirmed by Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio this evening, the Milanese giants will only table an offer for the Chelsea veteran in the case that they are able to move another striker on this month: ‘He is a possibility if one of our strikers goes.’ One Chelsea-owned player who, on the other hand, now appears certain to join up with Antonio Conte’s squad in Milan, though, is Victor Moses. Wing-back Moses previously played a starring role under Conte at Stamford Bridge, en route to the Premier League title in 2017. And, after spending the opening half of the current campaign out on loan at Fenerbahce, the Nigerian international now looks all set to reunite with his former boss at the San Siro. Speaking during the same media exchange in which he provided an update on the possibility of signing Giroud, Piero Ausilio confirmed that Inter have reached an agreement to bring Moses in this month: Ausilio (Inter sport director) to @SkySport: “We’ve reached an agreement with Chelsea for Victor Moses. Giroud is a possibility if we’ll sell one striker on this transfer market”. 🔵 #CFC #Chelsea #Inter — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 20, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The reliable Nizaar Kinsella has since provided further details on the Moses deal: Victor Moses is set for a reunion with Antonio Conte 🤝 Inter are closing in on a loan deal until the end of the season with a €10 million option to buy 💰 ✍️ @NizaarKinsella — Goal News (@GoalNews) January 20, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Giroud struggling for game time Olivier Giroud has been on Chelsea’s books for close to two years now. The Frenchman joined the Blues from fellow Premier League outfit Arsenal in January of 2018. Since making the switch to Stamford Bridge Giroud has racked up 70 appearances for Chelsea, in which… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" Giroud struggling for game time Tammy Abraham has burst into the Chelsea first-team picture under the guidance of Frank Lampard. The Chelsea youth product has had a scintillating start to the new season, in which he has made 11 appearances for Chelsea across all competitions, scoring nine and assisting one.… October 15, 2019 In "Sports" Reliable Italian transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio has provided an insight into the possibility of Olivier Giroud departing Chelsea for Inter Milan. Chelsea stint 33-year-old hitman Giroud has been on the books at Stamford Bridge since January of last year. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s arrival at Arsenal pushed the Frenchman further… November 14, 2019 In "Sports"