Rangers signed James Tavernier back in 2015 from Wigan. The Scottish powerhouse are believed to have paid around £225,000 for the defender. Since making the switch to Scotland, Tavernier has gone on to become a pivotal member of Rangers’ squad. The defender has racked up 232 appearances across all competitions for Rangers. And despite being largely deployed as a right-back, Tavernier has scored 46 and assisted 71 in those clashes. Tavernier is also currently Rangers captain and the Englishman has played every minute of Scottish Premier League football so far this season. Rangers are having a superb 2019/20 campaign and currently sit just two points off 1st place Celtic in the league table. Rangers also have a game in hand on the current Scottish champions. The marauding full-back has also netted three and assisted seven in 19 SPL ties this term. Wishing Everybody A Happy New Year With the hope that you will have many blessings in the year to come A post shared by  James Tavernier (@jamestavernier2) on Dec 31, 2019 at 1:31pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Now, with Tavernier one of Rangers’ standout stars, he is being linked with a move to the English Premier League. Tavernier began his career with Newcastle United before eventually being sold to Wigan in 2014. Tavernier would make just 10 appearances for Newcastle’s senior side. But now with the defender shining in Scotland, it appears Newcastle United are eyeing a reunion with Tavernier. According to the Sun, Newcastle have stepped up their interest in James Tavernier. The report from the Sun also claims Steve Bruce sent his top scouts to watch Tavernier as Rangers clashed with Celtic last Sunday. Rangers would win that tie 2-1. Tavernier is currently contracted to Rangers until July of 2022. See also: Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions The latest on Arsenal’s Sead Kolasinac ahead of Leeds clash Source: Great Goals Rangers captain James Tavernier is confronted by a fan at Easter Road during his side's Scottish Premiership game with Hibernian. James Tavernier: Rangers captain confronted by fan at Easter Road March 8, 2019 In "Sports" By James Agberebi: Nigeria forward Olanrewaju Kayode was in action for Shakhtar Donetsk who were crowned Ukrainian league champions after beating visiting Veres Rivne in their penultimate league game of the season on Sunday. Kayode, who joined Shakhtar on loan from Manchester City in January, was brought on in the… May 13, 2018 In "Sports" Scottish giants Rangers have confirmed that manager Steven Gerrard has put pen-to-paper on a new deal with the club. Gers stint Former Liverpool and England midfielder Gerrard has been on the books at Ibrox since the summer of 2018. After a short spell coaching in Liverpool’s youth setup on the… December 13, 2019 In "Sports"