As per a report from the reliable Paul Joyce of the Times, Crystal Palace hope to take Everton striker Cenk Tosun to Selhurst Park on loan this month. Roy Hodgson’s Palace currently sit in a none-too-shabby 9th in the Premier League table. The Eagles have racked up 28 points from 21 outings to this point in the campaign. Palace’s successes have been largely based on a solid backline, which has allowed just 23 goals to pass them by all season. This is a defensive record bettered by just 3 clubs in the English top-flight. The efforts of the capital giants at the other end, however, have proven considerably less impressive. Hodgson’s men have found the back of the net a paltry 19 times thus far this term, with only relegation-battling Watford having struggled more for Premier League goals. LONDON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 19: Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace looks on during the Premier League match between Crystal Palace and Manchester City at Selhurst Park on October 19, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Broadway/Getty Images) As such, it has come as little surprise to see reports begin to emerge that Palace are on the lookout for attacking reinforcements this month. Roy Hodgson currently relies on the likes of Jordan Ayew, Connor Wickham and Christian Benteke to spearhead his side’s frontline. However, few would argue that the Eagles are in need of further options up top. And, as per the aforementioned report from the reliable Paul Joyce, those in charge at Selhurst Park appear to have made their first efforts to rectify the club’s issues in front of goal. Palace are said to be ‘trying to sign’ Everton hitman Cenk Tosun on loan. The out-of-favor Tosun currently sits behind the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Moise Kean in the centre-forward pecking order at Goodison Park, and could therefore very well be allowed to move on this month. It remains to be seen, though, whether Palace can strike a deal. Crystal Palace trying to sign Everton’s Cenk Tosun on loan. — paul joyce (@_pauljoyce) January 4, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Derby betting tips: FA Cup match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Roy Hodgson was unable to stop Crystal Palace hitting an historic low as Steven Davis sealed Southampton’s 1-0 win at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Crystal Palace’s English manager Roy Hodgson gestures prior to the English Premier League football match between Crystal Palace and Southampton at Selhurst Park in south London… September 16, 2017 In "News" Crystal Palace vs Man City Crystal Palace’s Premier League campaign gets back underway this Saturday. Roy Hodgson’s side will welcome Premier League champions Manchester City to Selhurst Park. The Eagles have had a decent start to the 2019/20 season, winning four, drawing two and losing two of their eight PL… October 17, 2019 In "Sports" Crystal Palace vs Man City Saturday’s late Premier League clash sees Manchester City facing off with Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. City head into the tie eight points adrift of current league leaders, Liverpool. However, Liverpool do not play till Sunday vs Manchester United. So, Pep Guardiola’s side can, temporarily… October 19, 2019 In "Sports"