United Nations Secretary-General, António Guterres, has urged “maximum restraint” as tension heightens in the Gulf over the killing of top Iranian military commander, Qasem Soleimani, in a United States strike in Iraq. “The Secretary-General has consistently advocated for de-escalation in the Gulf.  He is deeply concerned with the recent escalation. “This is a moment in which leaders must exercise maximum restraint. “The world cannot afford another war in the Gulf,’’ Deputy Spokesman for the UN Chief, Mr. Farhan Haq, said in a statement on Friday. Soleimani was killed in an airstrike at Baghdad airport early on Friday on the orders of President Donald Trump, the US Department of Defence said in a statement. The 62-year-old led Iranian operations in the Middle East as head of the elite Quds Force. Trump had said he caused millions of deaths. In reaction, Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has threatened “severe revenge” on those responsible for Soleimani’s death. Iran’s National Security Council has also vowed to effect “harsh vengeance” on the US for the killing. “The US regime will be responsible for the consequences of this criminal adventurism. “This was the biggest US strategic blunder in the West Asia region, and America will not easily escape its consequences,” the Council said in a statement. The US Embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to “depart Iraq immediately” following the airstrike. In a security alert issued on Friday morning, the embassy reportedly told citizens to “depart via airline while possible, and failing that, to other countries via land.” (NAN) Vanguard The post Iranian commander: UN chief urges restraint as tension rises appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Qasem Soleimani, commander of the elite Quds Force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), was killed in a US strike on Baghdad’s international airport. PHOTO: AFP The world reacted with alarm on Friday after top Iranian commander Qasem Soleimani was killed in a US strike in Iraq, with leaders… January 3, 2020 In "News" Mike Pompeo, US secretary of state Washington is committed to “de-escalation” after a U.S. air strike in Baghdad killed Qassem Soleimani, the architect of Iran’s growing military influence in the Middle East, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says. Pompeo said on Twitter on Friday that he spoke to British Foreign… January 3, 2020 In "News" Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cut short a visit to Greece and flew home Friday as Lebanon’s Hezbollah demanded revenge for the killing of a top Iranian commander in a US strike. A source in Netanyahu’s office said that the premier was returning from Athens… January 3, 2020 In "News"