Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided an update on his squad, ahead of their meeting with Everton. The Reds are set to get their FA Cup campaign underway in 2 days’ time, in the tie of the 3rd-round. Liverpool and Everton will play out the 2nd Merseyside derby in the space of a month at Anfield on Sunday, at 4pm. It actually marks the 2nd time in 3 years that the two clubs have been pitted against one another at this stage of the competition, with Jurgen Klopp’s men having emerged victorious last time out. Liverpool will head into proceedings in 48 hours’ time brimming with confidence, on the back of yet another Premier League win last night. Goals from Mo Salah and Sadio Mane eased the European champions past Chris Wilder’s stubborn Sheffield United, a result which saw Liverpool extend their already-healthy advantage atop the English top-flight to a hefty 13 points. One source of concern on an otherwise fine evening for Liverpool yesterday, though, came on the personnel front. The player to have picked up an injury was Naby Keita. Just moments before kick-off, the Guinean midfielder was replaced in the hosts’ starting XI by James Milner. Slight change to the side tonight. Naby is replaced by Milner in the starting XI. Williams now on the bench. #LIVSHU pic.twitter.com/JgLYZc8yJU — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js It was later confirmed that Keita had picked up a groin problem during Liverpool’s warm-up. As such, speaking in his pre-Everton press conference this evening, Jurgen Klopp was inevitably drawn on the well-being of his side’s midfield dynamo. The German, though, had little in terms of an update on Keita: ‘[We are] not wiser with Naby [yet] because he will have a scan today, I don’t know exactly when but somebody will then tell me the result of this. That didn’t happen yet.’ Naby Keita will undergo a scan today on the groin injury he sustained on Thursday night. — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Klopp was also asked whether his latest signing, Takumi Minamino, could be in line to make his debut versus Everton. The Liverpool boss was keen to keep his cards close to his chest regarding the possibility, though: ‘Takumi is here and had three sessions with the team now, that’s not so much. But it’s football still.’ ‘He had kind of time off when Salzburg went into the winter break, he had time off and we were not allowed to bring him here to train with us in that time. He was back in Japan, which was nice as well. He came here in a good shape. So, let’s see.’ Jürgen Klopp has yet to decide whether Takumi Minamino will make his Reds debut in the FA Cup tie with @Everton on Sunday. — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Wolves vs Manchester United betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Everton must be perfect against Liverpool – Carlo Ancelotti | English FA Cup Source: Great Goals Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this afternoon provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of tomorrow night’s Merseyside derby. Liverpool vs Everton The European champions are set to welcome Everton to Anfield in a little over 24 hours’ time, for a Premier League clash. The two sides, though, will… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool were this evening dealt a blow on the injury front, as Naby Keita was forced to sit out the club’s meeting with Sheffield United. Liverpool march on Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed the Blades to Anfield a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Reds headed into… January 2, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Genk Liverpool and Genk will go head-to-head at Anfield on Tuesday evening. Jurgen Klopp’s side are currently 2nd in their Champions League group, one point adrift of table-topping Napoli. So, the Merseyside powerhouse can’t really afford to drop any points vs Genk. It was the Belgian outfit who… November 4, 2019 In "Sports"