Premier League outfit Aston Villa have this evening announced their 3rd signing of the January window, in the form of Mbwana Samatta. Dean Smith’s Villa have endured a difficult campaign back in the Premier League to date. The Villans currently occupy the final of the English top-flight’s relegation spots, and look set for a swift return to the Championship, if things don’t soon turn around. Compounding the woes of the Claret and Blue, meanwhile, were a pair of hammer blows on the personnel front earlier this month. A Premier League meeting with Burnley eventually saw Villa emerge with a potentially-crucial 2-1 win. However, during the clash, both Tom Heaton and Wesley were forced off with what looked serious injuries. As such, it came as little surprise when it was subsequently confirmed in the days that followed that the pair had been ruled out for the remainder of the campaign, with knee ligament damage: The Club can confirm that Tom Heaton and Wesley both suffered significant knee ligament damage during our match with Burnley on Wednesday and will now miss the rest of the season. #AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Villa’s board, though, to their credit, have since been proactive in adding reinforcements to Dean Smith’s squad this month. First, Danny Drinkwater was signed on loan from Chelsea for the remainder of the campaign, before Pepe Reina arrived from AC Milan last week to cover for the sidelined Tom Heaton. And, as outlined above, the Lions’ 3rd signing of the winter window has this evening been confirmed. The player to have made his way to Villa Park is (now former) Genk striker Mbwana Samatta. Goalscorer Samatta had enjoyed a fruitful spell in Belgium since his arrival at Genk in 2016. Across 98 total Jupiler League appearances, the Tanzanian international notched a very respectable 43 goals. To this point in the current campaign, meanwhile, Samatta has found the back of the net 10 times across all competitions, including on 3 occasions in the Champions League’s group stages. The 27-year-old has put pen to paper on a 4-and-a-half-year deal at Villa Park, with Samatta having set the Premier League outfit back a reported £10 million. 🇹🇿 #KaribuSamatta! 🇹🇿 We are delighted to confirm the signing of @Samagoal77_ on a four-and-a-half-year deal! ✍️ Breaking news brought to you by @eToro.#AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 20, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As per a report from Sky Sports News, Aston Villa are inching towards the signing of Genk striker Mbwana Samatta. Villa’s struggles Dean Smith’s Villa have endured a difficult campaign back in the Premier League to date. The Villans currently occupy the final of the English top-flight’s relegation spots, and… January 16, 2020 In "Sports" Aston Villa clinch draw vs Brighton Aston Villa took on Brighton on Saturday afternoon. Villa began the day sat in the relegation zone but after 17th place Watford dropped points earlier in the day, the Lions had a great chance to move out of the bottom three. Dean Smith’s side… January 19, 2020 In "Sports" Fulham vs Aston Villa Aston Villa are set to get their 2019/20 FA Cup campaign underway on Saturday the 4th of January. Villa will travel to Fulham for their FA Cup 3rd round tie. Despite being in separate leagues, the two outfits have fairly recent history. It would be Fulham… January 3, 2020 In "Sports"