Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now, and for the future. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Field Officer (MAIDA) Reference Number: MDG/HUMOPS/2020/00002
Location: Gwoza and Ngala – Borno Program / Department Summary General Position Summary Essential Job Functions Security: Organizational Learning: Accountability to Beneficiaries: Accountability Knowledge and Experience Success Factors Living Conditions / Environmental Conditions: Application Closing Date
20th January, 2020. The post Field Officer (MAIDA) at Mercy Corps Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Mercy Corps Nigeria implements a variety of programs with the ultimate goal of building productive, secure and just communities. The organization&rsquo;s programs are implemented in twelve states, mainly in North West and North East Nigeria and Lagos. Our work covers the following sectors: economic development, livelihoods/food security, adolescent girls &amp;… July 8, 2019 In "Jobs" Mercy Corps Nigeria implements a variety of programs with the ultimate goal of building productive, secure and just communities. The organization’s programs are implemented in twelve states, mainly in North West and North East Nigeria and Lagos. Our work covers the following sectors: economic development, livelihoods/food security, adolescent girls &… June 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. We… November 4, 2019 In "Gists"