World Health Organization (WHO) is the directing and coordinating authority for health within the United Nations system. It is responsible for providing leadership on global health matters, shaping the health research agenda, setting norms and standards, articulating evidence-based policy options, providing technical support to countries and monitoring and assessing health trends. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: Budget and Finance Officer Job Ref No: 2000124
Location: Maiduguri, Borno
Grade: NO-B
Contractual Arrangement: Temporary appointment under Staff Rule 420.4
Contract duration: 12 months
Schedule: Full-time Objectives of the Programme Description of Duties
Reporting to the Operations Officer, and under the overall guidance of the Incident Manager, the incumbent will plan and implement budget and finance operations, including all aspects of financial management and financial reporting. The Budget and Finance Officer, reviews financial data, participates in evaluating financial risk assessment, provides inputs on financial issues, and prepares financial reports. The incumbent ensures adherence to the International Public Sector Accounting Standards’ (IPSAS), applicable emergency Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and financial policies and procedures. The incumbent liaises closely with counterparts and budget & finance focal points in WHO country, regional and HQ offices, other UN agencies and Donors in carrying out their duties. The incumbent might be required to supervise a team of support staff. Some of the activities to be performed by the incumbent include: Required Qualifications
Education: Experience: Skills: WHO Competencies: Use of Language Skills: Application Closing Date
14th February, 2020a The post Budget and Finance Officer at the World Health Organization (WHO) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ World Health Organization (WHO) is the directing and coordinating authority for health within the United Nations system. It is responsible for providing leadership on global health matters, shaping the health research agenda, setting norms and standards, articulating evidence-based policy options, providing technical support to countries and monitoring and assessing health… June 12, 2019 In "Jobs" World Health Organization (WHO) is the directing and coordinating authority for health within the United Nations system. It is responsible for providing leadership on global health matters, shaping the health research agenda, setting norms and standards, articulating evidence-based policy options, providing technical support to countries and monitoring and assessing health… June 19, 2019 In "Jobs" Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and… July 16, 2019 In "Jobs"