United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), helps developing countries attract and use aid effectively. In all our activities, we encourage the protection of human rights, capacity development and the empowerment of women. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Service Centre Manager Job ID: 28100
Location: Maiduguri, Borno
Grade: P4
Posting Type: External
Vacancy Type: FTA International
Contract Duration: 1 Year with possibility for extension
Practice Area – Job Family: Crisis Prevention and Recovery – STABILIZATION Background Duties and Responsibilities
Summary of Key Functions: Ensures the strategic direction of operations focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures effective and accurate financial resources management and supervision of the Finance team focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures strategic human resources management and supervision of the HR team focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures efficient procurement and logistical services management and supervision of the Procurement team, focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures effective and adequate supervision of ICT team focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures proper common services organization and management, establishment of partnerships with other UN Agencies focusing on achievement of the following results: Impact of Results
The key results have an impact on the overall economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of CO operations as it relates to the use of corporate resources in the following areas: Competencies
Functional Competencies:
Building Partnerships: Job Knowledge / Technical Expertise: Promoting Organizational Change and Development: Design And Implementation of Management Systems: Client Orientation: Promoting Accountability and Results-Based Management: Core Competencies: Required Skills and Experience
Education: Experience: Language Requirements: Application Closing Date
24th January, 2020; (Midnight New York, USA) The post Service Centre Manager at the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), helps developing countries attract and use aid effectively. In all our activities, we encourage the protection of human rights, capacity development and the empowerment of women. We invite applications from suitably qualified candidates to fill the position below: Job Title: Programme Associate Job ID: 26012… September 12, 2019 In "Gists" United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), helps developing countries attract and use aid effectively. In all our activities, we encourage the protection of human rights, capacity development and the empowerment of women. We invite applications from suitably qualified candidates to fill the position below: Job Title: Preventing Violent Extremism (PVE) –… July 29, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Compovine Technologies Limited Compovine Technology Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. 1. Driver… September 16, 2019 In "Gists"