The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, said on Wednesday 114 armed robbery suspects were arrested within the first 55 days of his assumption of office. Odumosu stated this at the state police command headquarters, Ikeja, while giving his stewardship in the last 55 days as the state Commissioner of Police He said: “I assumed duty as the 26th Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command on November 14, 2019, and the last 55 days had been quite eventful and tasking. “It is worthy to note that crime rate has drastically reduced within the period under review. “From November that I took over till date, the command arrested 114 armed robbery suspects and successfully foiled 22 armed robbery attempts.” The police commissioner said seven armed robbery suspects died during gun duels with the police. Odumosu added: “At least 14 suspects were arrested for cultism, three for kidnapping and 82 for murder cases. “The state also recorded nine cases of suicide. “The command recovered 11 stolen vehicles and so far 2,300 motorcycles were impounded during the enforcement of the Lagos State traffic laws.” The police commissioner said his mission in Lagos was to provide a safe and secure state that would guarantee socio-economic wellbeing for the people and enhance the quality of life. He said this would be achieved through a more courageous, dedicated, humane and professional policing in the state. “Our policy plans for 2020 include full implementation of community- based policing and strategies that will close the gaps between the police and the public to foster a cordial relationship. “Also, feasibility policing and prompt response to distress call as well as intelligently led policing approach, professional and unbiased investigation of criminal cases and diligent prosecution will be carried out. “There will also be respect for all and protection of human rights and zero tolerance for corruption. “Also, the command will collaborate with other relevant security agencies in curbing crimes and criminality in the state,” he stated. The commissioner added that capacity building for officers and men of the command with enhanced welfare packages would also be put in place. (NAN)  Vanguard The post Police arrest 114 robbery suspects in Lagos appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard The Police in Edo has arrested about 214 suspects for various criminal activities within the last two weeks. The State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu made this known on Monday in Benin at his maiden media briefing. Odumosu noted that of the figure, 16 suspects were arrested for armed robbery,… January 14, 2019 In "News" By Evelyn Usman The Lagos State  Police Command has smashed a syndicate that specialised in selling arms and ammunitions to robbery and kidnapping gangs in the South West region of the country. Arrested was a suspected member of the gang, Samuel Uche,  32, with the recovery of two English made… January 8, 2020 In "News" Some of the suspects. PHOTO: NAN The Police in Plateau on Wednesday said 27 persons suspected to be involved in armed robbery, rape and other criminal activities in the state had been apprehended. Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Austin Agbonlahor, disclosed this when presented the suspected to newsmen… October 24, 2018 In "News"