Sporting’s president and sporting director are reportedly in England for talks with Manchester United over the transfer of Bruno Fernandes. Fernandes was a name on the lips of many Manchester United fans over the summer. The Portuguese midfielder was heavily linked with a move to England, with Old Trafford and Tottenham cited as potential destinations. That came after he scored a whopping 32 goals in 53 games from midfield last season. Despite reported interest, a transfer never came to fruition and Fernandes has impressed again this season with Sporting. Now, Manchester United could be back in for the midfielder. LISBON, PORTUGAL – APRIL 27: Bruno Fernandes of Sporting CP reaction after missing a goal opportunity during the Liga NOS match between Sporting CP and Vitoria SC at Estadio Jose Alvalade on April 27, 2019 in Lisbon, Portugal. (Photo by Gualter Fatia/Getty Images) According to Portuguese outlet Record, Sporting’s president Frederico Varandas and sporting director Hugo Viana are at Manchester United for discussions over Fernandes’ future. They claim: ‘Frederico Varandas and Hugo Viana are currently at Manchester United offices negotiating the transfer of Bruno Fernandes to Old Trafford as early as January, Record learns.’ That comes after suggestions from Duncan Castles that United had been offered the chance to sign Fernandes again this month. Record go on to explain that Manchester United have ‘expressed great interest in the Leonino captain.’ That could come after injuries to Paul Pogba and Scott McTominay. Record’s report was then quickly backed up by the British media, with the Mail also suggesting talks had taken place and a £55million deal is on the cards. Whether a move happens or not, there looks to be something in the works between Manchester United and Sporting. A post shared by  Bruno Fernandes (@brunofernandes.10) on Jan 3, 2020 at 1:11pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals The Red Devils and Tottenham are chasing the Sporting Lisbon midfielder. Reports this week claimed Spurs had edged ahead of Manchester United in the race for the Portugal international. Tottenham have held talks with Sporting, with Mauricio Pochettino reportedly giving a move for Fernandes the green light. However, transfer expert and Gazzetta… August 3, 2019 In "News" Will Matic remain at Old Trafford? Manchester United have rejected two bids for midfielder Nemanja Matic, while the Red Devils have also been offered the chance to sign Bruno Fernandes. It’s not been a great start to the season for United. The Red Devils have been very inconsistent with their… January 10, 2020 In "Sports" As per a report from Goal.com, Manchester United are ready to reignite their chase of Sporting CP midfielder Bruno Fernandes this month. Sporting standout 25-year-old Fernandes has emerged as one of Portuguese football’s star performers over the last couple of seasons. The former Udinese and Sampdoria man possesses all of… January 5, 2020 In "Sports"