Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba will miss a few weeks of action, with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjær confirming the Frenchman is injured again. Pogba’s name has been in the press a lot lately. The Frenchman was heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid in the summer transfer window, though a move never came to fruition. That hasn’t stopped the rumour mill though, with Pogba still being linked with a move away from Old Trafford in the January transfer window. That’s even despite Pogba’s agent, Mino Raiola, suggesting the player is happy to stay at Manchester United for now. Pogba’s absence from the team lately hasn’t helped matters either, and now he’s set to be out of the squad for a little while longer. Manchester United’s Paul Pogba reacts during the Premier League match at Old Trafford Manchester United v Arsenal – Premier League – Old Trafford 30-09-2019 . (Photo by Barrington Coombs/EMPICS/PA Images via Getty Images) According to Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjær, Pogba will be out ‘for a few weeks’ due to discomfort in his ankle. The Frenchman looked like he could be available for Arsenal on Wednesday, but the club confirmed before the game that Pogba had suffered an injury. “[Pogba]’s injured. He’s feeling some discomfort in his ankle. He’ll be out for a few weeks,” Ole Gunnar Solskjær explained to MUTV. On a footballing level, that’s a big blow for Manchester United. Midfield has arguably been their weakest point this season, and with Scott McTominay reportedly being ruled out for eight weeks, this is far from ideal. This could also only further suggestions of a potential move away from the club this month. “Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.” – Martin Luther King #NoToRacismWeAllOne A post shared by  Paul Labile Pogba (@paulpogba) on Dec 26, 2019 at 1:26pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js What won’t help Manchester United is Mino Raiola’s recent comments. The super-agent has hit out at the club, claiming he won’t take any more players there because they ruin careers. Click here to see what he had to say. See also: Liverpool vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals On his way out of Old Trafford in January? Manchester United officials are reportedly convinced Paul Pogba has played his last game for the club ahead of the January transfer window. The Frenchman has been out of action for a while now with injury problems and a supposed illness.  That… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" A report from Spanish outlet Cope this afternoon has made a number of explosive claims regarding Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba. Real links Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss campaign last time out, during which the… November 25, 2019 In "Sports" One midfielder for two Manchester United have reportedly opened the door for a Paul Pogba exit, with both Saul Niguez and Donny van de Beek being targeted. Rumours of a Paul Pogba exit have circulated for some time now. The Frenchman was heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid… December 11, 2019 In "Sports"