ipNX Nigeria Limited is one of Nigeria’s fastest growing Information and Communications Technology companies. In our business, we connect everything – people, information, and services. We are specialized in network connectivity, and delivery of internet, telephony, television as well as cloud-based software application services to corporate and residential customers. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: Core IP Planning and Design Engineer Job ID: 64
Location: Lagos
Department: Infrastructure
Function:  Core IP Planning and Design
Reporting to:  Head, Core Network and Transmission
Travel Frequency: N/A Purpose of the Job Expected Key Results: Educational Qualifications & Functional Skills Work Experience: Other Requirements: Application Closing Date
31st March, 2020. The post Core IP Planning and Design Engineer at ipNX Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ ipNX is an integrated info-communications company focused on providing every person, every home and every business in Nigeria with world-class information, communication and entertainment services. Team Lead, Planning & Design, Wireline Job ID: 65 Location: Lagos Department: Infrastructure Function: Planning and Design Reporting to: Head, Planning & Design Travel Frequency:… October 4, 2019 In "Gists" At Access Solutions we believe in offering much more than just a job; we strive to give you a full-fledged career. Towards this end we provide you with superior training and the opportunity to work in different industry and service practices on the latest technology platforms. What we offer you… November 1, 2019 In "Gists" Netcom has been Nigeria&rsquo;s leading Internet Service Provider since 2004, staying ahead of the competition with cutting edge platforms in VSAT, WIMAX, Radio, and Fiber technology. Now, a pioneer in Business Transformation Solutions, we empower organizations to lead their market space by keeping pace with the rapid changes in IT… June 28, 2019 In "Jobs"