The draw for the 4th-round of the FA Cup was carried out a short time ago, with the Premier League’s heavyweights having discovered their upcoming opponents. The English top-flight’s clubs joined the FA Cup fray this past weekend, with most having successfully navigated their respective routes to the competition’s last-32. A 2nd-string Liverpool side got the better of Merseyside rivals Everton at Anfield, Chelsea made short work of Nottingham Forest, and champions Manchester City put 4 past lower league Port Vale. The round’s final tie, meanwhile, saw Arsenal get the better of a game Leeds United at the Emirates tonight, courtesy of Reiss Nelson’s solitary strike. Young Gunner 🔴#EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/c4INbV2YGR — The Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 6, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Elsewhere, the likes of Bournemouth, Leicester, West Ham and Burnley also advanced. For all of Manchester United, Tottenham, Wolves, Watford and Newcastle, though, a no doubt unwanted replay awaits. As such, the 4th-round draw, made whilst Arsenal and Leeds were still in action a short time ago, has seen a number of clubs left waiting to discover who they are set to take on when the competition resumes at the end of the month. If Manchester United can get the better of Wolves at Old Trafford, they face a trip to either Watford or Tranmere. Southampton will take on the winners of the replay between Spurs and Middlesbrough, while Liverpool prepare for either Bristol City or Shrewsbury Town. In terms of certain ties involving the Premier League’s top clubs, meanwhile, Chelsea are set to visit Hull City, Manchester City host Fulham, Arsenal face top-flight opposition in the form of Bournemouth, and Leicester City have been drawn against Brentford. The FA Cup 4th-round draw in full can be seen below: Watford or Tranmere Rovers v Wolverhampton Wanderers or Manchester United
Hull City v Chelsea
Southampton v Middlesbrough or Tottenham Hotspur
QPR v Sheffield Wednesday
Bournemouth v Arsenal
Northampton Town v Derby County
Brentford v Leicester City
Millwall v Sheffield United
Reading or Blackpool v Cardiff City or Carlisle United
West Ham United v West Bromwich Albion
Burnley v Norwich City
Bristol Rovers or Coventry City v Birmingham City
Manchester City v Fulham
Rochdale or Newcastle United v Oxford United
Portsmouth v Barnsley
Bristol City or Shrewsbury Town v Liverpool Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Chelsea & Man United tipped to move for PSG’s Edinson Cavani Source: Great Goals