La Liga giants Barcelona have this evening made official the long-awaited dismissal of manager Ernesto Valverde. Rumours surrounding the future of Spanish tactician Valverde had been rampant over the weekend. This came after Barca surrendered a 2-1 lead in their Spanish Super Cup semi-final meeting with Atletico Madrid last Thursday, to eventually fall to a 3-2 defeat. This result came on the back of a 2-2 draw with bottom of the table Espanyol in La Liga the weekend prior, and made it just 1 win in 5 for the Blaugrana across all competitions. Perhaps even more worrying than their recent results, however, have been the performances of the Catalan giants. Barcelona have all too-often appeared to be completely bereft of a game-plan of late, looking equally disjointed going forward as they have shaky defensively. This had inevitably resulted in the finger of blame being pointed in the direction of Ernesto Valverde, with the former Athletic Bilbao boss’ continued dependence on the individual brilliance of the likes of Lionel Messi and Marc-André ter Stegen having masked countless deep-seated issues at the Camp Nou. As such, as outlined above, pressure had begun to mount more heavily than ever before on the Blaugrana boss over the last 3 or 4 days. Widespread reports across social media earlier today even went as far as to claim that Valverde had been informed of his dismissal by the Barcelona hierarchy. Ousmane Dembele walks past head coach Ernesto Valverde after being sent off during Barcelona vs Sevilla, La Liga regular season match at Estadio Camp Nou on October 6th 2019 in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by Tim Clayton/Corbis via Getty Images) And, to the relief of what appears to be the vast majority of the club’s fanbase across the globe, Barca’s decision to part ways with the Spaniard has tonight finally been made official. In a post across their website and social platforms, as showcased below, the La Liga heavyweights confirmed that Valverde has been relieved of his duties with immediate effect: Agreement between FC Barcelona and Ernesto Valverde to end his contract as manager of the first team. Thank you for everything, Ernesto. Best of luck in the future. pic.twitter.com/zrIgB1sW2e — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) January 13, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Official: Barcelona’s Luis Suarez ruled out for 4 months Source: Great Goals Numerous reports across the Spanish media this evening back the story that Barcelona have informed Ernesto Valverde of his dismissal. Barca downed by Atletico The La Liga champions are currently in the midst of a concerning spell of form. The Blaugrana have managed just 1 win from their last 5… January 13, 2020 In "Sports" Reports stemming from Spain this evening suggest that former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has emerged as the front-runner to take the place of under-fire Barcelona boss Ernesto Valverde. Barca faltering Valverde’s Barca are currently in the midst of a poor spell of form. The Blaugrana have managed just a solitary… January 12, 2020 In "Sports" Eric Abidal this morning provided an update on the future of Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde, hinting that a decision on the Spaniard’s future beyond this season will lie with him. Barca struggles Spanish champions Barcelona have endured a somewhat-perplexing start to the season. The Blaugrana currently sit joint-top the La… November 17, 2019 In "Sports"