Championship outfit Swansea City have this evening confirmed the loan signing of Rhian Brewster from Liverpool. 19-year-old striker Brewster has long been regarded as one of the finest young talents on the books of Liverpool. The teen made the move to Merseyside from Chelsea in 2014, and has since gone on to shine at youth level for the Reds. Despite his unquestionable talent and eye for goal, though, Brewster has struggled to carve out any meaningful playing-time for himself at senior level. While he is a regular feature in Jurgen Klopp’s squad, the presence of the likes of Roberto Firmino, Divock Origi and even fellow starlet Curtis Jones have seen the English U21 international restricted to just 3 first-team appearances to this point in the current campaign. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 30: Rhian Brewster of Liverpool celebrates a goal during the Carabao Cup Fourth Round match between Liverpool and Arsenal at the Anfield Stadium on October 30, 2019 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Visionhaus) As such, it had come as little surprise to see Brewster tipped for a January exit from Anfield of late. At such a crucial point in the attacker’s fledgling career, he should really be racking up first-team football week in, week out. This resulted in mounting reports yesterday that Brewster was on the verge of sealing a move to the Championship. And this much has since been confirmed this evening. In an announcement across the club’s social media platforms a short time ago, Swansea City confirmed that Brewster has joined the club on loan for the remainder of the campaign: ⚠️ BREAKING NEWS ⚠️ 🖊️ Rhian Brewster has joined the #Swans on loan for the remainder of the season! 🙌 👉 https://t.co/KtGJiXmYTl pic.twitter.com/Q7MFUJDyYR — Swansea City AFC (@SwansOfficial) January 7, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool have also confirmed Brewster’s exit, wishing their starlet good luck on his Liberty Stadium stint: Rhian Brewster has completed a loan move to @SwansOfficial until the end of the season. Good luck, @RhianBrewster9 🙌 https://t.co/xKbJzWujLv — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 7, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leicester vs Aston Villa betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals