Chris Smalling has been on Manchester United’s books since 2010. The now 30-year-old has notched up over 300 appearances for the Red Devils. Smalling has also won a plethora of trophies during his stint with the Manchester powerhouse including the Premier League, FA Cup and Europa League. However, when Harry Maguire arrived at United over the summer for big money, it appeared Smalling was no longer required by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The centre-back was sent out on a season-long loan to Serie A outfit, AS Roma. However, his move to the Italian capital seems to have reinvigorated Smalling. The Man United man has cemented himself as a regular feature in Roma’s backline, putting in some superb displays. Smalling’s upturn in form even made England boss Gareth Southgate go to watch him in action earlier this season.   What a 10 years it has been, so many incredible memories and so many more still to make. From myself, my wife Sam and my little boy Leo we wish you all a wonderful New Year! A post shared by  Chris Smalling (@smalling) on Dec 31, 2019 at 4:09am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js And after Smalling’s resurgence in Rome, the Man United faithful will likely be keen for the no-nonsense central defender to return to Old Trafford when his loan expires. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer claimed earlier this season that Smalling will be returning to United: “Yeah [he will return]. “Chris has been fantastic, but we know sometimes if you change the environment it can go both ways. But Chris is the type to relish these challenges. “He’s cultured, enjoys life down there. It’s a new experience for him, and he is a boy who couldn’t be here without being a regular and I’m so happy for him. We can see the top player he is.” As quoted by the Sun. But according to the Daily Mail, citing Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport, Smalling wants to make his Roma spell permanent: His loan move is set to expire in the summer, but Corriere dello Sport report that Smalling is keen to make his temporary deal a permanent one and has told his agents to make it happen. See also: Middlesbrough vs Tottenham betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview and predictions Gillingham vs West Ham betting tips: FA Cup match preview and predictions Sheffield United vs Fylde betting tips: FA Cup match preview and predictions  Source: Great Goals