Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this afternoon spoken out over Ashley Young’s imminent transfer to Serie A giants Inter Milan. Veteran defender Young has been on the books of United since 2011, when he made the move to Manchester from Premier League rivals Aston Villa. However, having continued to play a key role for the Red Devils over the last couple of seasons, Young has since fallen down the defensive pecking order at Old Trafford this season. Sitting behind the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Luke Shaw, and even the emerging Brandon Williams in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad, Young has managed starts in just 10 of Manchester United’s 22 Premier League outings to this point in the campaign. WOLVERHAMPTON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 04: Ashley Young of Manchester United during the FA Cup Third Round match between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Manchester United at Molineux on January 4, 2020 in Wolverhampton, England. (Photo by Sebastian Frej/MB Media/Getty Images) As such, as it has come as little surprise to see the 34-year-old tipped for a United departure since the opening of the January transfer window. Antonio Conte’s Inter Milan, meanwhile, have been the outfit most hotly-tipped to swoop for Young. And, following weeks of mounting speculation, it was finally confirmed by multiple reliable sources last night that a deal between the Nerazzurri and United had been struck, with Young set to put pen-to-paper on a deal at the San Siro imminently. Ashley Young to Inter, here we go! Total agreement with Man United for €1,5M. Medicals on next days. 🇬🇧 #transfers #Inter #MUFC #ManUnited @DiMarzio — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 16, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, speaking in a press conference this afternoon, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was inevitably drawn on his (now former) club captain’s imminent exit. And the United boss went on to cite the level of emerging talent in his squad, as well as Inter’s offer of a two-year contract, as key to the Red Devils’ decision to sanction Young’s departure: ‘Well, to be fair, I think it was for Ashley, you know.’ ‘He is 35 in the summer and, if he gets a two-year contract somewhere, I think it’s up to him to take that. We weren’t ready to offer that.’ ‘He’s been a good servant for the club. He’s been captain and he’s won trophies, leagues, cups, but we’ve got players coming through.’ ‘So it was time now, then. When Ashley’s head and mindset was on ‘yeah, I want to try this’, why not do it now?’ Ole has confirmed that #MUFC defender Ashley Young is on the brink of signing for Inter Milan. — Manchester United (@ManUtd) January 17, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Watford vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals The reliable Fabrizio Romano has this evening confirmed that Ashley Young’s move from Manchester United to Inter Milan appears to be imminent. Young struggling Links between veteran defender Young and Serie A giants Inter had begun to crop up since the opening of the January window. The former English international… January 16, 2020 In "Sports" Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" The reliable Paul Hirst of the Times has this evening provided an update on Manchester United’s pursuit of Sporting CP star Bruno Fernandes. United eyeing reinforcements Speculation surrounding the future of attacking midfielder Fernandes has been rampant this month. On the back of widespread links to the Premier League last… January 16, 2020 In "Sports"