Ace-comedian, Ali Baba has gone hard on women who call themselves feminists, asking them to stop deceiving other women on how to handle anger and revenge. He said they should be ready to face the consequence of their actions. The humour merchant was reacting to a story that went viral recently, where a lady who went berserk and destroyed everything her boyfriend laboured for. “So because he broke up with you, you go commit suicide? Say who die? Because he got another woman pregnant, you went on a hunger strike, but why?” Ali Baba tweeted. He also had a piece of advice for men: “Men to need to learn some serious anger management skills. Why beat up a woman because she said it is over? Are women finished? Or because she got pregnant for another man, you turn #aquaman at 3rdmainland bridge and you cannot even swim.” “When you have done something and the consequences come calling, pick the call. Don’t run from what you called upon yourself” he concluded. vanguard The post Alibaba calls out feminists, says they should stop misleading other women appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard I recently read a heartwarming essay on context in feminism. The author talked about about her experience growing up in India and questioning societal beliefs. According to her, her thought process was considered dangerous because she questioned everything the Indian culture stood for. She also wrote about the many definitions of… July 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" <p class="">The truth has now become a function of convenience and woke criticism, not fact-finding. </p> <h1>We will discuss the issue under four headings... </h1> <h2>Act I: A global spectacle by the sportsman and the Nigerian support for sex work</h2> <p class="">The entire purport of feminism is to allow women… March 12, 2019 In "News" Ali Baba is sharing his thoughts on marriage and why young women of today are way too eligible for the men in their age bracket in an Instagram post. He pointed out that most women in this generation are taking their lives more seriously and have pursued and achieved goals… September 20, 2019 In "Entertainment"