Parma closed in on the Europa League berths with a 2-0 win over Lecce that lifted the former UEFA Cup winners to seventh in Serie A on Monday. Defender Simone Iacoponi nodded in a Hernani corner just before the hour mark with Andreas Cornelius adding a second just after coming off the bench on 72 minutes. Gervinho was denied a third late by Brazilian keeper Gabriel following an impressive run through the Lecce defence. Parma overtakes Torino and is now just one point behind sixth-placed Cagliari, who occupy the final Europa League spot. AC Milan and Napoli are four points behind the side from Emilia-Romagna in 10th and 11th position respectively. “We had to redeem ourselves after the defeat against Atalanta,” said Iacoponi after his side lost 5-0 to Atalanta last time out. During the club’s golden era in the 1990s, they won the UEFA Cup twice, the European Super Cup and the European Cup Winners’ Cup. But they have not competed in European competition since 2007. They qualified for the 2014–15 Europa League but were denied a UEFA licence because of late tax payment of 300,000 euros ($334,000). The club was declared bankrupt and relegated to Serie D in 2015, returning to the top flight with three straight promotions. They finished 14th last season. Lecce, from the heel of Italy, fell to their the fourth consecutive defeat and are just one point off the relegation zone. VANGUARD The post Parma close in on European places with Lecce win appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard By James Agberebi: Former Akwa United forward Ibrahim Alhassan made his debut in European club competition for Austria Wien in their 2-2 away draw against AEK Athens of Greece in Group D of the 2017/2018 UEFA Europa League on Thursday. The draw earned Austria Wien their first point in the… September 28, 2017 In "Sports" Juventus lost their European curtain raiser 3-0 to Barcelona and sparks should fly in the highly-anticipated Turin derby. Juventus and Napoli will be looking to make it six wins out of six in Serie A Saturday before must-win Champions League games next week. Juventus lost their European curtain raiser 3-0… September 22, 2017 In "News" Juventus have confirmed manager Maurizio Sarri has been diagnosed with pneumonia, and the tactician is reportedly likely to miss the club’s Serie A opener against Parma on Saturday, according to Bleacherreport.com reports. Sarri, 60, was said to have been suffering with flu, but a statement released on the official Juventus… August 19, 2019 In "News"