Pedro made the switch to Chelsea in 2015, joining from Spanish powerhouse, FC Barcelona. The Spaniard has notched up nearly 200 appearances for the Blues and has won a number of trophies with the London outfit, including the Premier League and FA Cup. However, since Frank Lampard stepped into the Chelsea dugout, Pedro has seen his game time reduced dramatically. The former Barcelona star has made just five Premier League appearances this term and he has not completed 90 minutes in the league since the second week of the season. With Pedro looking an increasingly marginalised figure at Chelsea, the 32-year-old had been linked with a January move away from Chelsea. And with an ageing Pedro out of contract in the summer, perhaps people may have thought Lampard would be open to selling the winger in this window, rather than losing him for free in the summer. But Lampard has recently claimed that Pedro is part of his plans: “He is part of my plans, I started the season and he was in my team, and then, unfortunately, he got injured at Norwich before the game, and I had to make a change. Then he was out for a while, and I do have competition in that area. “He has had bits here and there, I know he wants more games, I get that. But he certainly has something that he can contribute here with his experience and his ability to break lines and run behind people and maybe get those goals in and around the box. “He is here, I know his contract is up at the end of the season but I am not even looking that far ahead. He is here, he is part of the squad and I need everybody because football can change very quickly.” As quoted by Goal. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 30: Olivier Giroud of Chelsea warming up before the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and West Ham United at Stamford Bridge on November 30, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) But while it appears Pedro won’t be leaving in January with Lampard claiming the winger is part of his plans, one player that could be departing Stamford Bridge is Olivier Giroud. Like Pedro, Giroud has been somewhat of a fringe player this term. And now, reliable journalist Fabrizio Romano is reporting that the Frenchman is getting closer to a move to Inter Milan with the forward reportedly agreeing personal terms with the Serie A outfit. Olivier Giroud is getting closer to Inter. The French striker agreed personal terms yesterday (contract until June 2022) – now Inter and Chelsea are ‘close and confident’ to find total agreement on next days (around €5/6M to Chelsea). #transfers #Chelsea #Inter #CFC — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 10, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Bournemouth vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Aston Villa vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Cardiff vs Swansea betting tips: Championship match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Pedro’s Chelsea stint Pedro signed for Chelsea in the summer of 2015, moving from FC Barcelona. Pedro’s stint at Chelsea has been fairly successful with the winger helping Chelsea win several trophies such as the Europa League and Premier League. In total, Pedro has racked up 192 appearances across all… December 11, 2019 In "Sports" Pedro’s Chelsea stint Pedro made the switch to Chelsea in August of 2015 from Spanish powerhouse, FC Barcelona. Chelsea are believed to have paid around £24m for the Spaniard’s services. Pedro has since gone on to rack up 192 appearances across all competitions for the London outfit. In those 192… December 8, 2019 In "Sports" Lille vs Chelsea Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"