Former Fulham captain Brian McBride, a three-time World Cup striker for the United States, was named Friday as the new US national team general manager by the US Soccer Federation. McBride, 47, scored 30 goals in 95 caps for the Americans during a 14-year international career and played 17 pro seasons, including a 1996-2003 run with the MLS Columbus Crew and a 2004-2008 stint at Craven Cottage, helping Fulham escape the drop in his final two English campaigns. “I am incredibly honored,” McBride said. “I’m excited about the opportunity to build relationships with players and clubs that align with the philosophy and values of US Soccer.” McBride will report to US Soccer sporting director Earnie Stewart and immediately join US coach Gregg Berhalter at a January camp in Bradenton, Florida. “We are thrilled to have Brian McBride,” Stewart said. “Through his impressive career as a three-time World Cup veteran and at clubs in England, Germany and the United States, he has earned the respect of his peers around the world. “The hard-earned reputation will allow him to forge important relationships both internationally and here at home and his understanding of the game and what it takes to succeed at the highest levels will be invaluable to our player pool and our staff.” Stewart and women’s national team general manager Kate Markgraf interviewed multiple candidates from a list of 20 candidates before US Soccer’s board of directors approved the hiring. He joins a leadership group aimed at rebuilding the American squad with young talent after it failed to qualify for the 2018 Russia World Cup. McBride, Most Valuable Player of the 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup, also played for the United States at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. VANGUARD The post Former Fulham captain McBride named USA general manager appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Two Manchester City supporters have received five-year bans from football matches and lifetime suspensions from the Premier League champions’ stadium after being found guilty of racist abuse. Ian Baldry, 58, made a racist comment towards City and England winger Raheem Sterling as he celebrated scoring a goal in a Premier… January 10, 2020 In "News" (FILES) In this file photo taken on April 01, 2018 Nantes' Italian head coach Claudio Ranieri attends the French L1 football match between Nantes and Saint-Etienne at The La Beaujoire Stadium in Nantes. - English Premier League strugglers Fulham sacked manager Slavisa Jokanovic and appointed former Leicester supremo Claudio Ranieri… November 14, 2018 In "News" Former Wales coach Chris Coleman was confirmed as manager of Championship strugglers Sunderland on Sunday. Coleman’s move to the Stadium of Light was widely expected after he resigned from the Wales job earlier this week. The former Fulham boss has agreed a two-and-half year contract with Sunderland. For the full… November 19, 2017 In "News"