Watford boss Nigel Pearson has this evening provided a fitness update on the club’s squad, ahead of their meeting with Tottenham. The Hornets are set to welcome Jose Mourinho’s men to Vicarage Road on Saturday afternoon, for the weekend’s Premier League opener. The hosts will head into proceedings brimming with confidence, on the back of a remarkable upturn in form since Nigel Pearson’s appointment. Watford have secured 4 wins and a draw from the club’s last 5 league outings, the latest of which saw them put Bournemouth to the sword by 3 goals to nil at the Vitality last weekend. This run of form has seen Nigel Pearson’s men jump from dead bottom of the English top-flight table to 17th in a matter of weeks, with the Hornets looking likely to continue their ascent over the coming months. As outlined above, meanwhile, next up for the Vicarage Road outfit is a meeting with Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham this weekend. Watford will no doubt fancy their chances of continuing their recent resurgence on Saturday, with Spurs having managed just a solitary victory from their last 5 across all competitions. And, ahead of his side’s meeting with the north Londoners, Nigel Pearson has this evening provided a fitness update on his squad. Speaking in a press conference a short time ago, the Hornets boss revealed the latest on all of Will Hughes, Kiko Femenia, Danny Welbeck and Tom Cleverley. However, Pearson confirmed that though all of the quartet are making good progress in their respective recoveries from injury, none will be available this weekend. In some positive news for Watford, though, it was added that January arrival Ignacio Pussetto is in contention to make his debut versus Spurs: ‘Probably, yes. He’s fitted in very well. He’s a very likeable young man. He speaks decent English and I’ve had a good chat with him. He’s settled in very quickly and gives us options in wide areas. We’ve seen during recent games we’ve played with a lot of pace and variance in wide areas and he gives us another option there.’ Who do you want to see involved on Saturday against @SpursOfficial? Find out who’s available 👇 — Watford Football Club (@WatfordFC) January 16, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Brighton vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Premier League outfit Watford have this evening confirmed the appointment of Nigel Pearson as their new head coach. Flores ousted Watford have endured an absolute nightmare start to the 2019/20 season. Despite spending big on the likes of Ismaila Sarr over the summer, the Hornets’ struggles under Javi Gracia over… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Watford see off Man United Sunday’s early Premier League kick-off saw Watford play host to Manchester United. United headed into the tie in pretty decent form with the Red Devils picking up impressive wins over Tottenham and Manchester City in recent weeks. As for Watford, they began the day dead… December 22, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has this evening provided fitness updates on a number of his squad’s stars, ahead of their meeting with Watford. Watford vs Chelsea The Blues are set to travel to Vicarage Road tomorrow, for the day’s late Premier League kick-off. Lampard’s men will head into proceedings, unlike… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"