Spurs have this evening confirmed that midfielder Moussa Sissoko is set for an extended spell on the sidelines, after being forced to undergo knee surgery. Jose Mourinho’s men visited St. Mary’s last Wednesday afternoon, for a Premier League meeting with Southampton. The north Londoners headed into the clash in search of a bounce-back performance, after being held to a disappointing 2-2 draw by bottom-of-the-table Norwich in their preceding outing. When the 90 minutes were said and done, however, Spurs failed to get back on track. A dismal performance on the part of the visitors eventually saw Southampton emerge with all 3 points. A solitary Danny Ings strike with 17 minutes on the clock proved the difference between the sides, as Tottenham’s top-4 hopes were dealt a blow. The result at St. Mary’s, however, was far from the only concern for the Lilywhites. After Tanguy Ndombele was forced off early on, Harry Kane followed suit 20 minutes from time. It has since been confirmed that Kane is set for an extended spell out of action, after tearing his hamstring. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 01: Jose Mourinho, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur embraces Harry Kane of Tottenham Hotspur as he walks off the pitch after picking up an injury during the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Tottenham Hotspur at St Mary’s Stadium on January 01, 2020 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images) Incredibly, though, Spurs have this evening revealed that their star hitman was not the only one to have picked up a serious injury during the club’s meeting with Southampton. An announcement across the social media platforms of the north Londoners has revealed that Moussa Sissoko was today forced to undergo surgery, after picking up an MCL issue last week. The French international is, as a result, expected to remain on the sidelines until April at the earliest. Tottenham’s statement on Sissoko can be read in full below: Following a clinical assessment and scans, Moussa Sissoko has today (Tuesday) undergone surgery to the medial collateral ligament in his right knee. The France international sustained the injury in our fixture against Southampton, resulting in him missing our recent FA Cup tie at Middlesbrough. Our medical staff will monitor Moussa’s recovery before he commences rehabilitation with a view to returning to training in early April. 📰 @MoussaSissoko injury update. #THFC ⚪️ #COYS — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) January 7, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leicester vs Aston Villa betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals