Arsenal played host to Sheffield United on Saturday afternoon. The Gunners began the day sat 10th in the Premier League, 11 points away from a Champions League place. Arsenal’s form heading into the clash was also pretty average with the North London outfit picking up just one victory in five league games. And while Arsenal have improved slightly under Mikel Arteta, they were faced with a tough test on Saturday. Sheffield United have been superb this season with the Blades kicking off at the Emirates sat 6th in the English top-flight. Chris Wilder’s side also boast one of the best defensive records in the PL this term. Not the best result yesterday!!!We go again A post shared by  Sokratis Papastathopoulos (@sokratispapa.official) on Jan 12, 2020 at 8:54am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Prior to the tie, Arsenal released their matchday squad around an hour before kick-off. The most noticeable absence was Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang who is serving a three-match suspension after being shown a straight red vs Crystal Palace last weekend. As well as Aubameyang, there was another big omission in the Gunners’ backline. Sokratis has partnered David Luiz in Arsenal’s defence throughout much of this campaign. But the former Borussia Dortmund man was left out of the 18 with Shkodran Mustafi being handed a rare league start vs Sheffield United. Today’s team news… 🇧🇷 Martinelli in starting XI
🇩🇪 Mustafi partners David Luiz
🇺🇾 Torreira also starts #ARSSHU — Arsenal (@Arsenal) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
The reason for Sokratis’ absence on Saturday was then revealed with the Gunners confirming the central defender is ill. Today’s absentees… Sokratis – (illness)
Nelson – (hamstring)
Kolasinac – (thigh)
Aubameyang – (suspended)#ARSSHU pic.twitter.com/ZMPVGXoXni — Arsenal (@Arsenal) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Chelsea live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Arsenal vs Sheffield United Arsenal and Sheffield United are set to go head-to-head on Saturday afternoon. The Gunners will head into the weekend’s action sat 10th in the Premier League with 28 points amassed from their previous 22 league outings. Arsenal, after a spirited start to their last clash, were… January 15, 2020 In "Sports" Injury blows ahead of Sheffield United Arsenal have provided an injury update on Hector Bellerin and Sead Kolasinac ahead of their clash with Sheffield United this weekend. The Gunners are looking to secure just their second league win under Mikel Arteta. The Spaniard’s start to life at Arsenal hasn’t been… January 15, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal’s defeat at Sheffield United this evening has seen one man in particular unsurprisingly singled out for heavy criticism. Arsenal downed Unai Emery’s men travelled to Bramall Lane a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Gunners headed into proceedings amid a fine recent run of form,… October 21, 2019 In "Sports"