Manchester United and Wolves faced off in an FA Cup 3rd round replay on Wednesday evening. The two sides previously went head-to-head at Molineux earlier this month with that tie ending 0-0. That draw meant Man United had failed to beat Wolves in the two side’s last five meetings. However, Wednesday’s action would finally end United’s winless run against Nuno Santo’s side. Wolves did look to have taken the lead inside 10 minutes at Old Trafford via Pedro Neto. However, VAR would rule the strike out with Raul Jimenez adjudged to have handled the ball in the build-up to the goal. After the disallowed goal there wasn’t too much action on Wednesday with neither side creating too many chances. But the Red Devils would eventually find a way through in the 67th minute with Juan Mata calmly chipping the Wolves keeper. Juan Mata has ice in his veins! The Spaniard sits down John Ruddy to give Man Utd the lead pic.twitter.com/fj5m3hDVUi — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 15, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Proceedings drew to a close with the score 1-0 to the Manchester powerhouse. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side will now face either Watford or Tranmere in the 4th round. This is the full draw for the #FACup fourth round. More here https://t.co/Z3bSmNOOKi pic.twitter.com/VwWDsv72Lu — Match of the Day (@BBCMOTD) January 6, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But whilst progressing to the 4th round and picking up a rare win over Wolves is positive for United, they were dealt one big blow on Wednesday. Marcus Rashford didn’t start the clash vs Wolves but he did come on 63 minutes in. However, the England international had to be withdrawn in the 79th minute after appearing to hurt his back. We’re forced into our third and final change of the evening, as @JesseLingard replaces @MarcusRashford.#MUFC #EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/1VxetH1X72 — Manchester United (@ManUtd) January 15, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Marcus Rashford was injured just 17 minutes after coming on as a substitute. United play Liverpool on Sunday pic.twitter.com/g0Xc02PJSy — B/R Football (@brfootball) January 15, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Rashford has been arguably Man United’s best attacker this term with the 22-year-old scoring 14 in 22 league outings. And with United set to face off with table-topping Liverpool this weekend, they will no doubt be hoping Rashford’s injury isn’t anything serious. See also: Tottenham’s Jan Vertonghen coy on his contract situation Paul Pogba ‘likely’ to leave Manchester United in the summer – Sky in Germany Source: Great Goals Man City blow two-goal lead Manchester City traveled to Wolves on Friday evening in what looked to be a pivotal tie in the 2019/20 Premier League title race. After Liverpool demolished 2nd place Leicester the day before, Man City headed into the Wolves clash sat a staggering 14 points adrift… December 28, 2019 In "Sports" Wolves see off Aston Villa Aston Villa and Wolves faced off for the second time this campaign on Sunday. The two sides had previously met at Villa Park in the League Cup with Dean Smith’s men emerging victorious. But the roles would be reversed this time around at Molineux. Wolves… November 11, 2019 In "Sports" Wolves held by Newcastle Wolves played host to Newcastle United on Saturday afternoon. Nuno Santo’s side headed into the tie experiencing a small dip in form after losing their previous two Premier League outings. And Wolves’ misfortunes looked set to continue on Saturday as well when Miguel Almiron fired Newcastle… January 12, 2020 In "Sports"