The reliable Fabrizio Romano has this evening confirmed that Ashley Young’s move from Manchester United to Inter Milan appears to be imminent. Links between veteran defender Young and Serie A giants Inter had begun to crop up since the opening of the January window. The former English international has fallen down the pecking order at Old Trafford this season. Sitting behind the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Luke Shaw, and even the emerging Brandon Williams in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad, Young has managed starts in just 10 of Manchester United’s 22 Premier League outings to this point in the campaign. LONDON, ENGLAND – MARCH 05: Andros Townsend of Crystal Palace holds of Ashley Young of Manchester United during the Premier League match between Crystal Palace and Manchester United at Selhurst Park on March 5, 2018 in London, England. (Photo by Tony Marshall/Getty Images) As such, with Red Devils boss Solskjaer continuing to push towards a youth-driven United, and Antonio Conte on the lookout for reinforcements at wing-back at the San Siro, links between Young and Inter, when they emerged, did appear to make sense. However, it had appeared as though Inter had brought an end to their interest when widespread reports emerged, confirming that the Nerazzurri were in talks to swap the out-of-favour Matteo Politano for versatile Roma man Leonardo Spinazzola. As outlined above, though, this separate deal (which now appears imminent) has not put the Nerazzurri off their swoop for Young. In fact, it now appears certain that Conte’s Serie A title contenders are set to make the Englishman’s signing official over the coming days. As per the reliable Fabrizio Romano, a ‘total agreement’ has been found between Inter and Manchester United. The former are set to fork over just €1.5 million for Young, with medical tests booked for the coming days. Ashley Young to Inter, here we go! Total agreement with Man United for €1,5M. Medicals on next days. 🇬🇧 #transfers #Inter #MUFC #ManUnited @DiMarzio — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 16, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Brighton vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Young’s Man United stint Ashely Young made the switch to Manchester United in July of 2011, moving from Aston Villa. In his long tenure with the Manchester powerhouse, Young has racked up 261 appearances across all competitions. Young has also won a plethora of trophies with Man United, including the… January 9, 2020 In "Sports" Swap deal this month? Inter Milan will offer Matías Vecino in exchange for Tottenham’s Christian Eriksen this month, with the club looking to cash in before the summer. Erkisen’s future has been a hot topic for a number of weeks now. The Denmark international’s contract will expire in the coming… January 10, 2020 In "Sports" Will Matic remain at Old Trafford? Manchester United have rejected two bids for midfielder Nemanja Matic, while the Red Devils have also been offered the chance to sign Bruno Fernandes. It’s not been a great start to the season for United. The Red Devils have been very inconsistent with their… January 10, 2020 In "Sports"