President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the Supreme Court for the `courage and perseverance’ to return Sen. Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) winner of the March 9, 2019 governorship election in Imo. The president made the commendation while reacting to Tuesday’s Supreme Court judgment that sacked Emeka Ihedioha of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as Governor of Imo State and declared Uzodinma winner. President Buhari said: “The road to justice may be long and tortuous, but it is the best path for anyone aggrieved. “Under the new administration, a new journey to build a new Imo with new energy is about to begin. In this outcome, it is the people of Imo State who have emerged victorious.” In congratulating the new governor, the president urged Uzodinma to promote the ideals of the APC and unite the state by running an inclusive administration. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Supreme Court in a unanimous judgment on Tuesday sacked Ihedioha as Governor of Imo State, and declared Hope Uzodinma winner. A seven-man panel of the apex court in its decision held that Ihedioha did not win majority of votes cast at the March 9, 2019 governorship election. In the Judgment delivered by Justice Kudirat Kekere-Ekun, the court accordingly ordered the INEC to withdraw the Certificate of Return issued to Ihedioha and issue a fresh Certificate of Return to the candidate of the APC on grounds that he won majority of the lawful votes cast at the election. The court also ordered the immediate swearing-in of Uzodinma as lawful winner of the March 9, 2019 governorship election in Imo State. Vanguard Nigeria News The post Judgment: Imo People have emerged victorious, says President Buhari appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has congratulated Sen.Hope Uzodinma on his victory at the Supreme Court as the governor of Imo. The court had on Tuesday declared Uzodinma the winner of the March 19, 2019, Imo governorship election. Lawan, in a congratulatory message by his Special Adviser (Media) Mr.… January 14, 2020 In "News" Senate President, Ahmad Lawan President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has congratulated Senator Hope Uzodinma on his victory at the Supreme Court which on Tuesday declared him the winner of the March 19, 2019, Imo State governorship election. Lawan also congratulated the All Progressives Party (APC) in the state for… January 14, 2020 In "News" Ihedioha-Uzodinma The All Progressives Congress (APC) says it is ecstatic over the Supreme Court’s declaration of Mr Hope Uzodinma as the rightful winner of the 2019 Imo state governorship election. The party said this in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Malam Lanre Issa-Onilu, in Abuja on Tuesday.… January 14, 2020 In "News"