United States President, Donald Trump on Thursday unveiled what he called a “beautiful” acronym for NATO deployments in the Middle East — NATOME. “I actually had a name: NATO, right, and then you have ME — Middle East. NATOME. I said, what a beautiful name,” Trump told reporters, in extensive comments about the issue. “NATO plus ME,” he said. He said he’d proposed the acronym when he called the alliance’s secretary general Jens Stoltenberg on Wednesday to demand that other NATO members do more on Middle Eastern security. “I think he was actually excited by it,” Trump said. “I’m good at names, right?” Trump said, recounting his pride over the new US-Mexico-Canada free trade agreement, known as USMCA, which replaces the former version dubbed NAFTA. “USMCA, like the song YMCA,” Trump said, referring to the 1978 disco hit by the group Village People. “Nobody could remember USMCA. I said, ‘Think of the song YMCA’ and now everybody says it.” Little other detail has emerged as to how NATO, a 70-year-old group relying largely on American leadership and firepower, might replace the US in Iraq or other Middle Eastern conflict zones. Trump said when that happens, “we can come home, or largely come home, and use NATO. This is an international problem.” [AFP] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Trump proposes new name for NATO in Middle East appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard More important, for the long term, they have begun to believe that underneath the presidential narcissism, sarcasm and bluster there is a strategy. But Trump’s European tour has still rattled many on the Continent and in Britain, who have watched from a distance the chaos he creates on a daily… July 13, 2018 In "News" <p class="">US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis resigned Thursday, leading a chorus of protests at home and abroad after President Donald Trump ordered a complete troop pullout from Syria and a significant withdrawal from Afghanistan.</p> <p class="">Trump steadfastly defended his sudden push for retrenchment, vowing that the United States would no… December 21, 2018 In "News" Speaking to Forbes magazine, President Donald Trump still calls it “fake news” to say his secretary of State called him a “moron.” But argues he has a way to settle it if Rex Tillerson did make the jab. Trump who often boasts about his intelligence and achievements said: “I think… October 10, 2017 In "News"