The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Bauchi said it is ready for Saturday’s re-run elections in two Federal constituencies, Gamawa and Zaki local government areas of Bauchi state. The Resident Electoral Commissioner, Abdullahi Ibrahim disclosed this on Thursday in an interview with journalists at the Bauchi branch headquarters of Central Bank where the sensitive materials were kept for safekeeping. He stated that all the sensitive materials have been handed over to the INEC officials, and are ready for takeoff to the designated local government areas where elections will hold. “We have distributed the last batch of sensitive materials. We are very ready. The security agencies are working in collaboration with INEC to ensure a hitch-free exercise. “We have been assured by the security agencies that all materials for this election will be handled with proper care. “In Gamawa, it will involve 289 voting point, while in Zaki, 4 voting points. In terms of the voter population, the number of registered voters in Gamawa is 130,507, while in Zaki there are 1,663 registered voters,” he noted. Recall that that the Court of Appeal, Jos Division in November sacked All Progressives Congress (APC) lawmaker, Hon. Umar Tata, representing Zaki Federal Constituency, while also nullifying the election of Garba Gololo of APC representing Gamawa Federal Constituency of Bauchi State on grounds of presenting forged certificates to INEC. The court, therefore, in a consensus judgment, ordered INEC to conduct re-run election in the affected areas within 90 days without APC or its candidate on the ballot. Vanguard News Nigeria. The post INEC distributes sensitive materials for re-run elections in Bauchi appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard <p class="">The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday said the commission was ready for Saturdays Presidential and National Assembly elections in Gombe State.</p> <h1>Mr Umar Ibrahim, the Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, told newsmen that the commission had received all sensitive materials for the state and were being… February 15, 2019 In "News" By Omezia Ajayi ABUJA—Indications emerged yesterday that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, may have rejected the new candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC for Saturday’s re-run elections in Akwa Ibom North-West senatorial district. Following the appointment of its candidate, Sen. Godswill Akpabio as Minister for Niger Delta… January 22, 2020 In "News" Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Plateau State has stated the commission is set for Saturday presidential and National Assembly elections saying both sensitive and non-sensitive materials for the rescheduled election have been received. Resident Electoral Commissioner in the State Mallam Hussaini Pai who disclosed this on Tuesday while addressing… February 19, 2019 In "News"