Irked by the neglect of  traditional rulers in the country by government, a monarch, Chief Musbau Amole Jinadu, Baale of Agoro, Okobaba, Mainland Local Government Area of Lagos, has called for a change, maintaining that “governance originated from the royal institution.” Speaking at Ijoko Agba (seat of elders), election of the town union executives conducted recently, Jinadu said that it was elders of Ijoko Agba that ensured that social infrastructure: light, borehole water, education programme and skill acquisition programmes, were provided in the community. Uzodinma is best thing to happen to Imo – Omegara According to the monarch, “We are chosen to direct affairs of our people, ensure peace reign in our community, without political interference,” therefore, in a way we help government, so, government should help us too. Musa Aliu, new chairman, who was sponsored by the community members, pledged empowerment programmes and assistance, which he has rendered in the past. Aliu also promised to do more on programmes, especially in terms of education and skill acquisition. Mr. Sunmonu Iyanda, elected vice chairman, speaking on behalf of the new executive, detailed their programme, which hinge on provision of assistance to brilliant indigenes of the community educationally; skill acquisition programme like computer training and others. We want govt. to implement policies targeted at marginalized girls Meanwhile, electoral team comprised: Chief Kakawa, governor general of Ijoko Agba, Nollywood actors: Abbey Lanre, film producer and Baale of Agoro, Chief Musbau Amole Jinadu among others. Vanguard The post NEGLECT: Lagos monarch urges govt to empower community leaders appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard By Chinedu Adonu ENUGU- TRADITIONAL ruler of Umuoha Obuoffia autonomous community in Nkanu West local government area of Enugu State, Igwe Obiora Igwesi, has endorsed President Muhammadu Buhari for a second tenure. President Buhari The Monarch asked Nigerians, irrespective of political or ethnic differences to support Buhari as President of… January 2, 2018 In "News" ENUGU – Elders of Imufu in Igboeze-North Local Government Area of Enugu State have disowned their traditional ruler, Igwe Remigius Attah, for handpicking 10 persons in the community to serve in the proposed Enugu State Neighbourhood Watch. Following the murder of a Catholic priest, Paul Offu, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi had made… August 14, 2019 In "News" The Paramount Ruler of Onne Clan in Rivers State, King John Dennis Osaronu, has applauded Nigeria’s Oil and Gas logistics giant, INTELS Nigeria Limited for supporting the development of the region through implementation of corporate social responsibility-CSR-. Osaronu told newsmen that the company has trained and empowered no fewer than 300 women in… November 6, 2017 In "News"