President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday condemned the murder of 19 people by unknown gunmen in the Tawari community of Kogi Local Government Area, Kogi State. The President, in a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja, advised the communities involved in the conflict to avoid revenge killings and taking the law into their hands so as to restore sanity in the affected areas. He said: “There is no excuse or justification for killing innocent people by anybody or group, and for whatever motive. “The killings and revenge killings will only aggravate the cycle of violence, creating neither safety nor security for any side. “People should avoid taking the law into their own hands because doing so could make a bad situation worse and undermine the government’s efforts to tackle security challenges. “I am gravely worried about frequency and temptation of using violence to settle disputes instead of following lawful and amicable means to avoid needless destruction of lives and property.” (NAN)  Vanguard The post Buhari condemns killing of 19 people in Kogi appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Abuja/Lokoja/Jos – Death toll in Wednesday’s early morning attack on Dekina and Omala local government areas of Kogi State by suspected Fulani herdsmen has risen to 25, according to residents, who also said eight communities have been sacked by the invading herders. But Senator Attai Aidoko Ali (PDP, Kogi West) said… March 16, 2018 In "News" Lafia / Akure / Makurdi / Yenagoa – The Anti-Grazing Law-spawned killings in Benue State have spiraled into neighbouring Nasarawa amidst isolated attacks on residents in the state by herdsmen. Eight Nasarawa residents have allegedly been killed in the past four days in Awe and Keana local government areas of the… January 5, 2018 In "News" The governor has insisted on his claim that the Federal Government failed to heed his warnings. Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom, has blamed the negligence of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration  for the spate of killings orchestrated by Fulani herdsmen that has led to the death of over 50 people… January 8, 2018 In "News"