Spanish giants Real Madrid have this evening made the long-anticipated signing of Reinier Jesus from Flamengo official. Reinier, an 18-year-old attacking midfielder, is widely-regarded as one of the finest young talents to emerge from Brazil over the course of the last decade. The starlet possesses a whole rake of attacking gifts, combining perfect touch, technique, vision, ability to split opposing defences at will and crucially, a keen eye for goal. He has even been described as a cross between Zinedine Zidane and Kaka by some in Brazil. As such, after dazzling for both Flamengo and the Selecao at youth level over the last couple of campaigns, Reinier was subsequently introduced to Flamengo’s first-team ranks early last year. And, despite his tender years, the teen subsequently took to senior football like a duck to water. The 2019 campaign, which finished up last month, saw Reinier directly contribute to 8 goals across 15 appearances, as Flamengo secured a historic Brasileiro and Copa Libertadores double. As such, it has come as little surprise to see Reinier heavily-linked with a move to Europe. The Daily Mail previously suggested that English heavyweights Manchester City and Liverpool were set to battle it out for the midfielder’s signature: Manchester City and Liverpool set for battle to sign 17-year-old Flamengo midfielder Reinier https://t.co/4tsc0OTpml — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) July 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Everton, meanwhile, were also named as keen suitors. This was until the opening of the January transfer window, though, when a clear front-runner emerged in the race for Reinier. The outfit in question? Real Madrid. Reports stemming from Brazil over the early weeks of the month insisted that Los Blancos had all but wrapped up a deal for the teen. A €30 million fee was touted, with it having been suggested that Real and Flamengo were simply waiting for Reinier to turn 18 before making the transfer official. And, following the midfielder’s 18th birthday yesterday, such claims have been proven correct. In an announcement across the club’s social media platforms a short time ago, Real confirmed Reinier’s signing on a long-term contract. The South American has put pen-to-paper on a deal until 2026 at the Bernabeu, and is set to join up with Los Merengues’ Castilla side imminently. 👉 #WelcomeReinier pic.twitter.com/EFbUngnpqi — Real Madrid C.F. 🇬🇧🇺🇸 (@realmadriden) January 20, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Reinier of course follows in the footsteps of Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo, fellow in-demand Brazilian youngsters who opted to take their talents to the Spanish capital over the last couple of seasons. Sporting assistant speaks out over Bruno Fernandes’ future amid Man United links Chelsea vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals