Xherdan Shaqiri joined Liverpool from Stoke City in the summer of 2018. Liverpool are believed to have paid around £13m for the Swiss international’s services. Shaqiri would make 30 appearances across all competitions in his debut season for the Merseyside powerhouse. Although, a lot of those appearances did come from the bench with Shaqiri rarely completing a full game. The former Bayern Munich man would see his game time dwindling at the back end of last season. Shaqiri made just three sub appearances in Liverpool’s last 12 league games of the campaign. Shaqiri has also been somewhat of a fringe player this term. The 28-year-old has featured in the English top-flight just six times this season with four of those games seeing Shaqiri earn a grand total of 15 minutes of action. The arrival of Takumi Minamino on Merseyside this month also means Shaqiri has yet more competition for a place in Liverpool’s squad. #Worldchampions #XS23 #YNWA #LFC A post shared by  XS (@shaqirixherdan) on Dec 22, 2019 at 8:13am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js And with the January transfer window now open, Shaqiri has recently been linked with a move away from Anfield. It was reported earlier this week that Liverpool had turned down a loan offer for Shaqiri from Serie A outfit, AS Roma. However, despite reports of Roma having a loan offer turned down, it appears I Giallorossi have not given up on landing the Liverpool star. Reliable journalist Gianluca Di Marzio has recently reported that Roma have returned to Liverpool’s Shaqiri with the Serie A outfit appearing to miss out on Inter Milan’s Matteo Politano. See also: Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Chelsea live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Liverpool attacker Xherdan Shaqiri has this afternoon opened up on his struggles for game-time, admitting that, though he is becoming increasingly frustrated, he is nevertheless ‘ready’ to contribute. Hit-and-miss debut Liverpool campaign 27-year-old Swiss international Shaqiri made the move to Anfield last summer from Stoke City, for a fee of… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this afternoon moved to shut down the speculation surrounding the future of Xherdan Shaqiri. Hit-and-miss debut Liverpool campaign 28-year-old Swiss international Shaqiri made the move to Anfield in the summer of 2018 from Stoke City, for a fee of £13.5 million. The former Bayern Munich… November 22, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Sheffield United Thursday’s only Premier League clash sees Liverpool taking on Sheffield United. Liverpool will head into the tie with a commanding lead atop of the Premier League. 2nd place Leicester, who won on Wednesday, are 10 points adrift of the Reds with Liverpool also having two games… January 1, 2020 In "Sports"