Joe Bryan has been on Fulham’s books since the summer of 2018. The defender made the switch from Bristol City as Fulham looked to cement themselves as a Premier League regular once again. However, the Cottagers’ return to the English top-flight was short-lived and they were relegated at the end of last season. Both Fulham and Bryan are now once again plying their trade in the Championship. Fulham are currently 4th in the league with Bryan having a particularly impressive campaign. The full-back has featured in 26 of Fulham’s 27 league ties this term, scoring once and providing three assists in those games.   Victory and clean sheet. Sweet. I took more throw ins than touches with my feet. #fulhamfc #ffc @fulhamfc A post shared by  Joe Bryan (@joe_bryanj) on Jan 11, 2020 at 1:52pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Bryan is currently contracted to Fulham until 2022. But after an impressive first half of the 2019/20 season, the 26-year-old looks to be attracting the attention of some Premier League clubs. Sky Sports News reported earlier this month that Watford were considering a bid for the Fulham defender. Now, on Tuesday the 14th of January, Sky are reporting that Southampton are interested in a January deal for Bryan. SSN claims that the Saints want to strengthen both of their full-back spots. And Bryan is high on their list of targets. The report from Sky also alleges that Southampton are one of the clubs hoping to land Tottenham’s Kyle Walker-Peters on loan. Ralph Hasenhuttl’s side are currently in fine form and have won four of their last five Premier League outings, the latest of which saw them see off 2nd place, Leicester City. But with just seven points separating them from the PL bottom three, adding a few extra players this window wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world for Southampton. See also: Monaco vs PSG betting tips: Ligue 1 match preview & predictions AC Milan vs SPAL betting tips: Coppa Italia match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Wolves betting tips: FA Cup Third Round Replay match preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals