The internet is abuzz this evening with widespread chatter surrounding the incredible debut enjoyed by Erling Braut Haaland in Borussia Dortmund’s comeback win over Augsburg. Lucien Favre’s men travelled to the Augsburg Arena a short time ago, for a Bundesliga clash. BVB headed into proceedings hoping to get their league campaign back on track, having struggled in the buildup to the winter break. However, things could not have gotten off to a much worse start for Dortmund this afternoon. With 55 minutes on the clock, the German giants found themselves 2 goals down, and staring a 3rd-consecutive winless league outing in the face. Queue the introduction of Erling Braut Haaland. The future of Norwegian hitman Haaland had proven one of the talking points of the first-half of the European season, after the teen set both the Austrian top-flight and Champions League alight with his goalscoring exploits. In the end, though, it was Dortmund who beat out all competition to secure Haaland’s signature late last month. And to say that the former RB Salzburg man went on to prove his new employers correct in pushing so hard for his signature this afternoon would be putting it lightly. With just under an hour on the clock, and Dortmund 3-1 down, Haaland was introduced off the bench by Lucien Favre. And, incredibly, within 23 minutes of stepping onto the pitch, the youngster had bagged himself a hat-trick, to lead BVB to a 5-3 win. Haaland netted in all of the 59th, 70th and 79th minutes, introducing himself to German football in the most explosive manner imaginable. Erling Braut Håland was subbed on with Dortmund losing 3-1… Twenty minutes later he completed his hat-trick and they won 5-3 😳 Oh yeah, and it was his debut 🔥 pic.twitter.com/ItNuFtRk0U — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, as outlined above, Haaland has since inevitably gone viral across social media, with some of the highlights showcased below: Erling Haaland vs Augsburg: 56′ – Substituted on for his debut with Dortmund 3-1 down
59′ – Scores ⚽️
70′ – Scores again ⚽️⚽️
79′ – Nets his hat-trick ⚽️⚽️⚽️ Dortmund now lead 5-3 Instant impact 🔥 pic.twitter.com/u6SqUlkAqL — 101 Great Goals (@101greatgoals) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Erling Haaland and @Aubameyang7 are the only Dortmund players to score hat-tricks on their Bundesliga debuts 💛 pic.twitter.com/uLuFTpF9sL — B/R Football (@brfootball) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js 17 September: Erling Haaland scores a hat-trick with his first three shots in the Champions League 18 January: Erling Haaland scores a hat-trick with his first three shots in the Bundesliga Unreal 🔥 pic.twitter.com/q8uVDR5gBm — B/R Football (@brfootball) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United fans watching Haaland score a 23-minute hat-trick on his Dortmund debut 🤬 pic.twitter.com/arwnfagPHH — B/R Football (@brfootball) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js When you hear Haaland scored three goals in his debut 🤯 pic.twitter.com/kBPeYiLGFk — Borussia Dortmund (@BlackYellow) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Haaland has now scored a hat trick in all four club competitions he has played in this season: ♦️ OFB Cup
♦️ Austrian Bundesliga
♦️ UCL
♦️ German Bundesliga pic.twitter.com/Jl4xcTPNj6 — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Erling Haaland has more goals than games in every competition he played this season: ✅Austrian Bundesliga: 14 games & 16 goals
✅Champions League: 6 games & 8 goals
✅Austrian Cup: 2 games & 4 goals
✅Bundesliga: 1 game & 3 goals Machine! 🖤💛 pic.twitter.com/66MqI2k46g — FootballTalentScout – Jacek Kulig (@FTalentScout) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tottenham continue to struggle without Kane as they earn rare clean sheet vs Watford Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Erling Braut Haaland lights up the Champions League Tuesday was an unforgettable night for 19-year-old Erling Braut Haaland. Playing in the Champions League for the first time, Haaland scored a first-half hat-trick for RB Salzburg. Haaland is now the third teenager to score a hat-trick on their Champions League debut.… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Haaland set for shock switch? Red Bull Salzburg’s Erling Braut Haaland is reportedly considering a proposal which would see him move to sister club RB Leipzig. Haaland has been one of the success stories of the season so far. The Norwegian striker has been a revelation both in the Austrian… November 8, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal on the Haaland hype train Arsenal are reportedly interested in Norweigian sensation Erling Braut Haaland, with Manchester United also heavily linked with a move. Haaland’s rise to prominence has been incredible this season. The striker has scored an impressive 15 goals in 12 games for RB Salzburg in the… November 20, 2019 In "Sports"