Championship outfit Fulham have this evening made the permanent signing of Ivan Cavaleiro from Wolverhampton Wanderers official. 26-year-old wide-man Cavaleiro had been on the books of Wolves since the summer of 2016, when he made the move to Molineux from Ligue 1 side Monaco. The twice-capped Portuguese international subsequently went on to play a key role in the successes of the Wanderers over the campaigns that followed, with Cavaleiro’s 9 goals and 12 assists in the Championship in 2017/18 having proven crucial to the club’s return to the Premier League. Last season, though, saw the Benfica youth product largely struggle for game-time. As Nuno Espirito adopted a system featuring a pair of wing-backs and two attackers, Cavaleiro was often left out in the cold. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 11: Ivan Cavaleiro of Wolverhampton Wanderers (2L) celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Wolverhampton Wanderers at Emirates Stadium on November 11, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images) All told, the winger notched 5 goals and an an assist in 29 appearances across all competitions. As such, it came as little surprise when Wolves opted to farm Cavaleiro out on loan last summer. On the back of his past successes in England’s 2nd-tier, Championship outfit Fulham opted to bring in the attacker, with Cavaleiro having made the move to Craven Cottage for the 2019/20 season. And the 26-year-old has since gone on to enjoy a thoroughly fruitful spell with the capital giants. Cavaleiro has appeared in all but one of Fulham’s league outings to this point in the campaign, notching 5 goals and 6 assists in the process. The Cottagers currently sit 5th in the Championship table, just a solitary point adrift of 3rd-placed Brentford. And, as outlined above, Cavaleiro’s fine form has today seen the Portuguese star rewarded. In an announcement across the club’s social media platforms earlier this evening, Fulham confirmed that they have opted to make the former Monaco man’s signing permanent with immediate effect. Though no fee has been disclosed, rumours suggest that the Londoners have splashed out £15 million on Cavaleiro. The gifted winger has put pen-to-paper on a 4-and-a-half year deal at Craven Cottage. #OurManIvan! 🇵🇹 The permanent registration of @ivancavaleiro17 as a Fulham player has been completed. — Fulham Football Club (@FulhamFC) January 7, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leicester vs Aston Villa betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Tottenham confirm major Moussa Sissoko injury blow Source: Great Goals The 25-year-old is Scott Parker’s first signing of the summer and Fulham have the option to buy Cavaleiro at the end of the Championship season. Cavaleiro joined Wolves from Monaco for £7m, then a club record, in 2016 according to bbc.com. He scored nine goals as Wolves won the Championship… July 13, 2019 In "News" By James Agberebi: Super Eagles midfielder Wilfred Ndidi made a return to the Leicester City line-up but ended up on the losing side following their 1-0 loss to Championship club Wolverhampton Wanderers in a  pre-season game at the Molineux Stadium on Saturday. Ndidi's Super Eagles teammate Ahmed Musa, who was… July 29, 2017 In "Sports" By Johnny Edward: Wolverhampton Wanderers goalkeeper, Carl Ikeme, has congratulated his teammates for their hard work in helping the club gain promotion back to the English Premier League, Completesportsnigeria.com reports. Wolverhampton Wanderers were relegated to the English Championship in 2012, but will be competiting in the elite division in England after six years.… April 16, 2018 In "Sports"