Brazil’s education minister has been ridiculed on social media for making a spelling mistake on Twitter. Professor Abraham Weintraub, who is responsible for schools and universities in Latin America’s biggest country, misspelled the Portuguese word for “amazing” in a tweet published Tuesday evening. Instead of “impressionante,” Weintraub wrote “imprecionante.” “The fact that the education minister wrote ‘imprecionante’ reflects the reality of Brazilian education,” wrote one Twitter user. Another quipped: “It’s ‘imprecionante’ that he is the education minister.’ Weintraub later deleted the tweet. It was not his first public orthographical error. Weintraub, who oversaw deeply unpopular education spending freezes last year, has previously misspelt the Portuguese words for “suspension” and “paralyzation.” On Friday, Weintraub shared on Twitter a message of support from Luciano Hang, owner of one of the largest department store chains in Brazil and a supporter of President Jair Bolsonaro’s government. In the Instagram message deliberately riddled with spelling mistakes, Hang said that “only those who do nothing do not make mistakes.” [AFP] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Brazil’s education minister mocked for Twitter spelling error appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Young says his appointment had become a "distraction" following outrage over his history of controversial tweets and articles. In a piece written for the Spectator magazine, Young said he had become a "distraction" for the work of the government. "I have decided to stand down from the Office for Students.… January 9, 2018 In "News" Following Twitter’s review of its tweet characters which will ensure a double in tweet words, the social media company has announced that Donald Trump won’t be part of the group testing the expanded character limit for messages. A Twitter user had said: “Thank u @biz and @jack ( chief executive… September 28, 2017 In "News" Grammy-nominated Nigerian musician, Seun Kuti has called out ASUU leaders and the Minister of Education for keeping mute on the SexForGrades topic. The singer in a series of tweets called out the Asuu leaders and the minister of education for keeping quiet on the issue shaking the country. He blasted… October 8, 2019 In "Music/Video"