Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has this afternoon provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of their meeting with Newcastle. The Toffees are set to welcome Steve Bruce’s men to Goodison Park tomorrow night, for a Premier League clash. Hosts Everton will head into proceedings amid an altogether mixed spell of form of late. After getting off to a positive start to life under new boss Carlo Ancelotti, the Merseyside outfit have since managed just a solitary win from their last 4 across all competitions. Their most recent outing, this past weekend, saw Everton recover from a goal down to secure a 1-1 draw at West Ham. After Issa Diop handed the Hammers the lead 5 minutes before the interval, Ancelotti’s outfit quickly struck back through Dominic Calvert-Lewin, to secure a share of the spoils. In the Toffees’ defence, their stalemate with struggling West Ham came with a number of the club’s key men confined to the sidelines. All of Michael Keane, Alex Iwobi, Gylfi Sigurdsson and, crucially, top-scorer Richarlison missed out at the London Stadium, severely restricting the options at the disposal of Carlo Ancelotti. As such, speaking ahead of his side’s meeting with Newcastle tomorrow night, the Everton boss this afternoon provided updates on the aforementioned quartet. In a blow for the Blues, though, both Richarlison and Sigurdsson have been ruled out. A late call, meanwhile, will need to be made on stopper Keane: 🤕 | “Richarlison trained today but he still has pain so is not available for tomorrow. He’s doing well but we don’t want to take a risk.” Sigurdsson also ruled out. Late call to be made on Keane. #EVENEW — Everton (@Everton) January 20, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Injury analyst Ben Dinnery has since also confirmed that Iwobi, despite ‘making good progress’, will not be risked in 24 hours’ time: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Ancelotti planning rotation Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has suggested he will rotate his squad for the clash with Newcastle this weekend, following the win over Burnley. The new Toffees boss got off to a winning start on Boxing day against the Clarets, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin scoring the only goal of… December 27, 2019 In "Sports" Good and bad news for Everton Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed an injury to Richarlison, while revealing summer signing Jean-Philippe Gbamin has returned to full training. The Toffees have been very unfortunate with injuries this season. Several star players have suffered injuries, with key midfielders like Andre Gomes and… January 17, 2020 In "Sports" Would Moyes have been the right pick? David Moyes’ hopes of securing a return to former club Everton are reportedly fading as the Toffees look to secure a new manager as soon as possible. Moyes has been consistently linked with a return to his former club since Marco Silva was… December 13, 2019 In "Sports"