The Kaduna State Government, on Friday, advised parents to send their children to school or face prosecution in accordance with extant laws. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Mrs Phoebe Yayi, gave the advice in Kaduna. Yayi stressed that every child has the right to free, compulsory and universal basic education, adding that the state government has a duty to provide such education. She said that in meeting this obligation, the government has declared free education to every child from primary to secondary school in the state. The permanent secretary explained that the move was part of measures to ensure that every resident of the state was literate, to enable them to have a quality life. “Therefore, parents have no excuse not to send their children to school, as the government has taken off all financial burden from parents. “You should be aware that the Child Welfare and Protection Law, 2018, section 18 (6), stipulates that any parent or guardian who fails to send his or her child to school commit an offence. “It added that a parent is liable on first conviction to be reprimanded and ordered to undertake community service and on second conviction risk fine or imprisonment or both. “As such, sending your children to school is no longer a choice, but compulsory and failure to do so is a criminal offence with possible jail term.” She warned that on no account should any parent deny his or her child the right to education, which would unlock the child’s full potential for a better future. The permanent secretary added that even adults were given a second chance to acquire education in the spirit of “not living anyone behind.” She reiterated the government’s commitment to making the necessary investment in the education sector, improve learning environment and ensure quality of teaching and learning. Vanguard Nigeria News The post Send your child to school or be prosecuted, Kaduna Govt warns parents appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Tribune Online Taking basic education, food to Almajiris’ doorsteps will keep them off streets —Aderinoye Professor Rashid Aderinoye of the Department of Adult Education, University of Ibadan, a former secretary to the Ministerial Committee on Almajiri Education, Abuja, in this interview with KEHINDE ADIO says the increasing number of Almajiris… July 11, 2019 In "News" Staying out of school has become normal for 13-year-oldÂ  Adepoju Ibrahim. He considers learning vulcanizing as the best option having dropped out of school. Whenever kids in Ede town area of Osun State are going to school, Ibrahim moves to Oke-Gada area of the town where he is learning vulcanizing.… January 20, 2019 In "News" WINIFRED OGBEBO writes that early child development can contribute meaningfully to nation building. Early learning opportunities apart from other benefits, are key strategies to reducing out-of-school children challenge. Early child development (ECD) has also been documented to be one of the most cost effective strategies for poverty alleviation. At the… December 1, 2017 In "News"