ipNX Nigeria Limited is one of Nigeria’s fastest growing Information and Communications Technology companies. In our business, we connect everything – people, information, and services. We are specialized in network connectivity, and delivery of internet, telephony, television as well as cloud-based software application services to corporate and residential customers. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: Data Centre Network Engineer Job ID: 66
Location: Lagos
Department: Infrastructure
Function:  Operations
Reporting to:  Head, Facilities
Travel Frequency: N/A Purpose of the Job Expected Key Results: Educational Qualifications & Functional Skills Work Experience: Other Requirements: Application Closing Date
31st March, 2020. The post Data Centre Network Engineer at ipNX Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ (A).Â Flour Mills of Nigeria Plc Flour Mills of Nigeria Plc has been a part of the lives of Nigerians at home and abroad. Our global vision is to be a leading foods company in Africa providing high quality and affordable products in the most convenient ways to consumers through world… June 19, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). MainOne Cable Nigeria MainOne’s success is built on having talented and highly proficient people within their respective fields as the driving force behind our business. 1. Cloud Database Administrator Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Credit Control Manager Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. SME Account Manager… July 24, 2019 In "Jobs" ipNX Nigeria Limited is one of Nigeria’s fastest growing Information and Communications Technology companies. In our business, we connect everything – people, information, and services. We are specialized in network connectivity, and delivery of internet, telephony, television as well as cloud-based software application services to corporate and residential customers. We… January 14, 2020 In "Gists"