Liverpool were this evening dealt a blow on the injury front, as Naby Keita was forced to sit out the club’s meeting with Sheffield United. Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed the Blades to Anfield a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Reds headed into proceedings sitting pretty atop the English top-flight, with a hefty 10-point advantage over 2nd-placed Leicester City. Incredibly, this came despite Liverpool having held 2 games in hand over the rest of the chasing pack. And, when all was said and done on Merseyside tonight, the European champions’ march towards domestic glory rolled on. Yet another dominant showing on the part of the hosts eventually saw Liverpool emerge with a 2-0 victory. Star attackers Mo Salah and Sadio Mane bagged the goals for Klopp’s men either side of half-time, to make short work of Sheffield United. 25 – Sadio Mané has scored 25 Premier League goals at Anfield since the start of last season – across the top five European leagues, the only two players with more at a specific venue are Lionel Messi (29 at the Camp Nou) and Kylian Mbappé (27 at the Parc des Princes). Guardian. pic.twitter.com/VN89M6DCpd — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One source of concern on an otherwise fine night for Liverpool, though, came on the personnel front. The player to have picked up an injury was Naby Keita. Ahead of kick-off, Jurgen Klopp named the following XI, with Guinean star Keita included: 📋 TEAM NEWS 📋 Tonight’s #LIVSHU line-up… https://t.co/rWkiRGoycP — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, moments before the action got underway at Anfield, it was announced that the 24-year-old had been replaced in Liverpool’s line-up by James Milner: Slight change to the side tonight. Naby is replaced by Milner in the starting XI. Williams now on the bench. #LIVSHU pic.twitter.com/JgLYZc8yJU — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js It was subsequently reported by numerous outlets that Keita had picked up an injury, with the Liverpool Echo having suggested a groin issue. Liverpool are now set for a nervy wait for a diagnosis on Keita’s injury, ahead of a pair of key fixtures versus Everton and Tottenham over the coming week. As things stand, the Merseysiders are already without the services of sidelined midfield duo Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Fabinho. *Update* Jurgen Klopp has confirmed during a post-match interview that Keita suffered a groin injury during his side’s warmup this evening, and has as a result been ruled out of Liverpool’s FA Cup meeting with Everton this weekend. Klopp on Keita: “It’s his groin and he won’t be involved v Everton. It was the last shot warming up when he felt something. Not cool.” — James Pearce (@JamesPearceLFC) January 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal considering January moves for Upamecano, Ake & Rugani following Chambers injury – Telegraph Chelsea reportedly knocked back in 1st Moussa Dembele bid/Could include Giroud in follow-up bid Source: Great Goals Liverpool’s victory over Crystal Palace this evening saw the Reds join Arsenal and Chelsea in the top-3 of an impressive all-time Premier League category. Liverpool march on Jurgen Klopp’s outfit visited Selhurst Park for their latest league outing a short time ago. The Merseysiders entered proceedings sitting pretty atop the… November 23, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool Manager, Jurgen Klopp (L) and player Virgil van Dijk. PHOTO: AFP Liverpool made it an entire calendar year without a Premier League defeat as the runaway leaders beat Sheffield United 2-0 on Thursday. Jurgen Klopp’s side moved 13 points clear of second-placed Leicester thanks to goals from Egypt forward… January 2, 2020 In "News" Liverpool’s victory over Aston Villa this evening saw Jurgen Klopp’s men join Chelsea and Manchester City in the Premier League’s history books. Liverpool win it at the death The Reds travelled to Villa Park a short time ago, for their latest league outing. Liverpool entered proceedings sitting pretty atop the… November 2, 2019 In "Sports"