Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided an update on Marcus Rashford’s fitness, after the English international was left out of the club’s squad to take on Liverpool. The Red Devils are currently locked in action with Jurgen Klopp’s table-toppers, in a Premier League meeting. Liverpool of course entered the clash as overwhelming favourites to emerge victorious, amid a historic spell of form. To this point in the Premier League campaign, the Merseysiders have dropped points on just a solitary occasion. This run, coupled with the inconsistencies of the rest of the English top-flight’s heavyweights, saw Liverpool head into this evening’s proceedings 13 points clear of 2nd-placed Manchester City, with 2 games in hand. United, on the other hand, sat 5th in the Premier League table before today. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men, though, were aware ahead of kick-off that a win would see them move to within 2 points of 4th-placed Chelsea. As is customary, an hour prior to proceedings getting underway at Anfield, the starting line-ups of both sides were made official. Jurgen Klopp set hosts Liverpool up as follows: 🔴 TEAM NEWS 🔴 Our line-up to face @ManUtd 👊 — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 19, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United’s XI, meanwhile, is showcased below: 🚨 TEAM NEWS 🚨 Here’s your #MUFC starting XI for #LIVMUN… — Manchester United (@ManUtd) January 19, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Evidently, one glaring omission from the XI fielded by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this evening came in the form of Marcus Rashford. English international Rashford was forced off with a back problem during Manchester United’s FA Cup victory over Wolves during the week, and had since been viewed as a doubt to feature at Anfield today. As such, speaking ahead of kick-off, Red Devils boss Solskjaer was inevitably drawn on his star attacker’s absence, as well as when fans can expect to see Rashford return to action. It was far from positive news regarding United’s top-scorer, though, with Solskjaer having explained: ‘It was the knock he got against Wolves. It was bad enough to keep him out. We’ll have to keep monitoring him and see how he is.’ ‘He got a couple of knocks vs Wolves. Aggravated his back. [We need to] give him time to recover before we put him back on the pitch. I wouldn’t expect him to be back in the next few weeks. We have a mid-season break and I’m not sure are going to see him before then.’ https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool vs Manchester United live streaming: Watch the Premier League online & confirmed line-ups Man United ‘baulk’ at Sporting’s valuation of Bruno Fernandes – Guardian Source: Great Goals Former Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho this evening took aim at current Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with a typically-ruthless jibe. United vs Liverpool Solskjaer’s men welcomed historic rivals Liverpool to Old Trafford a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings in… October 20, 2019 In "Sports" Former Manchester United defender Phil Neville has this evening revealed his opinion that Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s tactical setup for his side’s draw with Liverpool was ‘spot on’. United 1-1 Liverpool Man United welcomed their fierce rivals to Old Trafford yesterday evening, for a high-profile Premier League showdown.… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City vs Manchester United The first Manchester derby of the 2019/20 Premier League season is set to take place this coming weekend. Manchester United will travel to Manchester City in Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off as they look to close the gap between themselves and their neighbours. United head… December 6, 2019 In "Sports"