IGP, Mohammed Adamu The Nigeria Police Force has reacted to the viral video where a Policeman in uniform was seen with a POS machine, demanding ATM cards from members of the public. On Thursday, a video went viral where officers were seen demanding ‘ransom’ to be paid with ATM Cards on POS machines. Reacting to the video on Twitter, The Nigeria Police said an investigation has commenced and the culprits would be brought to book. The statement added that the Inspector General of Police condemned all acts of corruption and committed to ensuring any officer found guilty face the wrath of the law. The statement read: The Nigerian Police Force has commenced investigations to unravel the authenticity of the video, location of incident and identity of persons captured in the viral video where some persons in Police uniform were captured, allegedly with POS machine and demanding ATM card from a member of the public. The IGP condemns all acts of corruption by Public Servants, particularly Police officers and is committed to bringing to book any officer found wanting in this regard. The police however, urged members of the public to send relevant information that could assist Police investigators. The post Nigeria Police Force will Investigate Officer Caught with POS Machine appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Abuja – The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered investigation into the circumstances surrounding the alleged assault on a female Nigerian in a toy shop on May 11, 2019 in Abuja by Senator Elisha Abbo representing Adamawa North senatorial district. A statement by DCP Frank Mba, the Force… July 4, 2019 In "News" This was made known to newsmen by the Force Public Relations Officer, Jimoh Moshood. The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Ibrahim Idris has ordered an investigation into the reported siege on the home of the Senate President, Bukola Saraki and his deputy, Ike Ekweremadu.This was made known to newsmen by the… July 24, 2018 In "News" A video which has gone viral on social media, captured moment a policeman with a POS demanded for the ATM card of a young man said to be a passenger of a vehicle he and his colleagues stopped for a search on a busy road. Though where the incident occurred… January 9, 2020 In "Entertainment"