Both Napoli and Ajax are targeting a move for Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen this month, with the Belgian’s contract set to expire in the summer. Vertonghen has been a mainstay in Tottenham’s side for a while now. The Belgian was pivotal in Spurs’ run to the Champions League last season, and even played at left-back during the campaign. However, Vertonghen is yet to agree a new deal with Tottenham and is set to leave the club for nothing in the summer. That has lead to plenty of exit rumours over the past few months. Now, both Napoli and former club Ajax are being linked with a move for Vertonghen. BARCELONA, SPAIN – DECEMBER 11: Jan Vertonghen of Tottenham Hotspur celebrates after the UEFA Champions League Group B match between FC Barcelona and Tottenham Hotspur at Camp Nou on December 11, 2018 in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by Alex Caparros/Getty Images) According to the Telegraph, both clubs want to sign Vertonghen. Though, despite the Belgian being available in the summer, both clubs want to sign him this month. According to their report: ‘Napoli and Ajax are ready to move for Jan Vertonghen and tempt Tottenham into selling the Belgium centre-back before losing him on a free transfer in the summer.’ It’s claimed Gennaro Gattuso is targeting a central defender this summer. The Telegraph also claim Ajax are ‘assessing their options at centre-back as Daley Blind has been diagnosed with a heart condition.’ As a result, they have seemingly turned to Jan Vertonghen as a potential option. Finally, it’s claimed that while Vertonghen has been in Mourinho’s plans, there has been no breakthrough in terms of a new contract. Merry Christmas everyone! A post shared by  Jan Vertonghen (@jvertonghen) on Dec 25, 2019 at 12:09am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js In another piece of bad news for Spurs today, things don’t look good for Harry Kane. The Englishman had to be substituted with a suspected hamstring injury late on during the loss to Southampton. Now, Jose Mourinho has given an update on his fitness. Click here to see what he had to say. See also: Liverpool vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Vertonghen’s Spurs stint Jan Vertonghen made the switch to Tottenham in 2012 from Ajax. The North London outfit are believed to have paid around £11.25m for his services. The Belgian has gone on to become a key figure in Spurs’ backline. In his seven and a bit year spell with… October 29, 2019 In "Sports" Harry Kane may lead Tottenham summer exodus Writing in the Times on Thursday, reporter Gary Jacob has revealed that Harry Kane could leave Tottenham this summer. The transfer speculation comes after Tottenham lost 7-2 at home to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday. Kane – who usually posts… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham Hotspurs host Dutch league leaders, Ajax – who have knocked out Real Madrid and Juventus – in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League (UCL) semifinal on Tuesday (today). It is Tottenham’s first UCL semifinal but they did reach the European Cup last four in 1962, losing to… April 30, 2019 In "News"