Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. At Microsoft our mission and values are to help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Modern Workplace BG lead – MEA MCC Job number: 765449
Location: Lagos, Nigeria
Travel: 25-50 %
Profession: Marketing
Role type: Individual Contributor
Employment type: Full-Time Detailed Description Responsibilities
Marketing Planning and Program Execution (30%): Product Advocacy, Positioning, Messaging & Storytelling (30%): Competitive Positioning and Response (20%): Business and Monetization (20%): Qualifications
Education: Experience: Skills & Knowledge: Benefits and Perks
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work: Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Modern Workplace BG lead – MEA MCC at Microsoft Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer… December 16, 2019 In "Gists" Microsoft Nigeria If you have unique experiences, skills and passions-and we believe you can bring them all to Microsoft for a rich, rewarding career and lifestyle that will surprise you with its breadth and potential. Just imagine the excitement and satisfaction of what you can do, where you can go,… November 6, 2019 In "Gists" Microsoft is the worldwide leader in software, services, devices and solutions, founded in 1975. As a leader in platform and productivity for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, we believe in what people make possible. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. I… September 12, 2019 In "Gists"