2020 would start off rather negatively for recently-promoted, Aston Villa. The now Premier League outfit picked up a 2-1 victory over Burnley on January 1st. But in that tie, both Wesley and Tom Heaton sustained injuries that have since ruled them out for the remainder of the campaign. The Club can confirm that Tom Heaton and Wesley both suffered significant knee ligament damage during our match with Burnley on Wednesday and will now miss the rest of the season. #AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Villa are currently 18th in the Premier League, one point adrift of an in-form Watford side. So, losing both Heaton and Wesley was not great for Dean Smith’s side. The Lions have since replaced Heaton with Premier League veteran, Pepe Reina. We are delighted to confirm the arrival of vastly experienced goalkeeper @PReina25 on loan until the end of the season. #BienvenidoPepe #AVFC @eToro — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 13, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, Villa are still somewhat short-staffed in the centre-forward department and have not started with a recognised striker in their last two outings. Villa have been linked with a number of centre-forwards in the wake of Wesley’s injury including Michy Batshuayi and Olivier Giroud.   Un bon point de pris #daghemunegu A post shared by  islamslimani09 (@islamslimani09) on Jan 13, 2020 at 5:56am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Aston Villa have also been linked with another forward in the winter window. The man in question this time is Leicester City attacker, Islam Slimani. According to French outlet le10sport, Villa are interested in Slimani and have sent a loan offer for him. Slimani is currently plying his trade in France on a season-long loan with AS Monaco. However, as alluded to in the above-linked report from le10sport and as previously reported by L’Equipe, Slimani is thinking of leaving Monaco. The 31-year-old has scored seven times for the French outfit this season. See also: Tottenham’s Jan Vertonghen coy on his contract situation Paul Pogba ‘likely’ to leave Manchester United in the summer – Sky in Germany Source: Great Goals