Jarrod Bowen has spent his entire senior career on Hull City’s books. The now 23-year-old joined Hull’s under-18 side from Hereford United in 2014. Bowen has gone on to rack up 128 appearances for the Championship outfit. In those 128 ties, the Englishman has found the back of the net on 54 occasions and provided 13 assists. Bowen is also having a particularly impressive 2019/20 campaign with the Tigers. In 28 league outings this term, Bowen has scored a very impressive 15 goals and provided five assists. The Hull attacker is naturally a right-winger, but he is also capable of playing through the middle.   what a result Eavesyyyy on A post shared by  Jarrod Bowen (@jarrodbowen) on Jan 4, 2020 at 12:24pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js And after an impressive start to the current season, Bowen is now being linked with a move to the English top-flight. According to the Telegraph, Newcastle are set to make a firm bid for Hull’s Jarrod Bowen. The Telegraph claims that Bowen has been a long-term target of Steve Bruce with the Newcastle boss said to have enquired about signing the winger last summer. However, Bruce was initially put off by an asking price of more than £20m. But given the Magpies lack of goals this term, they may indeed need to splash the cash on a free-scoring Bowen. In 22 Premier League games this term, Newcastle have found the back of the net on just 21 occasions, only Watford have managed fewer goals in the English top-flight this season. Newcastle’s big-money summer signing Joelinton is also struggling for goals so far this season. The centre-forward has netted just once in the PL this campaign. Newcastle’s next game sees them face off against Chelsea on Saturday afternoon. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here or find out how to watch the tie here. See also: Tottenham continue to struggle without Kane as they earn rare clean sheet vs Watford Frank Lampard provides Christian Pulisic fitness update ahead of Newcastle   Source: Great Goals