Boubakary Soumare is currently honing his craft in Ligue 1 with LOSC Lille. The midfielder made the switch to Lille in 2017 from PSG’s B team. Since swapping Paris for Lille, Soumare has grown into a top-quality player. Despite being just 20, Soumare has already racked up 62 appearances for the French outfit and is becoming a pivotal member of their squad. The Frenchman has also garnered some Champions League experience whilst plying his trade with Lille. Soumare would start in all six of Lille’s CL games this term, two of which were against Chelsea. LILLE, FRANCE – OCTOBER 02: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea inspects the pitch prior to the UEFA Champions League group H match between Lille OSC and Chelsea FC at Stade Pierre Mauroy on October 02, 2019 in Lille, France. (Photo by Bryn Lennon/Getty Images) And it appears the Blues liked what they saw from the promising midfielder. Chelsea were originally unable to sign players in the current transfer window after being hit with a two-window transfer ban back in February. However, said ban was cut in half at the back end of 2019. Now, with Chelsea able to sign players in January, Sky Sports News are reporting that Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal are all chasing Lille’s Soumare. Soumare is currently contracted to Lille until 2022. However, the previously-linked report from SSN claims the France under-21 international is likely to be sold this month: Manchester United, Arsenal and Chelsea are all chasing Lille midfielder Boubakary Soumare, who is likely to be sold this month, Sky Sports News has been told. But the Premier League outfits could face competition from elsewhere as Sky also allege that Spanish powerhouse’s Real Madrid and Valencia are said to be interested in Soumare. See also: Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Leicester vs Aston Villa betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals