The final Premier League game of the weekend sees Liverpool and Manchester United going head-to-head. Liverpool head into the weekend’s action with a commanding lead atop of the English top-flight. The Merseyside powerhouse are 14 points clear of 2nd place Manchester City with a game in hand on the Sky Blues. Liverpool are also still undefeated in the PL this term, winning a staggering 20 of their 21 league games in 2019/20. But, while Liverpool are likely to be viewed as the favourites on Sunday, it is worth noting that Man United are the only side to take points off Jurgen Klopp’s team in the league this campaign. United held Liverpool to a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford back in October. The goal The celebration A memorable afternoon vs @manchesterunited #LFC #LiverpoolFC A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Jan 17, 2020 at 6:57am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Ahead of their latest clash with United, Klopp held his pre-match press conference on Friday. During the presser, the German gave updates on several Liverpool players. Klopp stated that it looks as though both Joel Matip and Fabinho will be back for the Man United game. However, it appears Dejan Lovren, James Milner and Naby Keita will all miss Sunday’s tie. Although, Lovren does seem pretty close to a return with Klopp stating he thinks the Croatian will ‘train 100 per cent from Monday’: “Yes, it looks like Joel and Fabinho [will be back]. “They trained completely normally yesterday and the day before. So that means they are likely to be in the squad. “The other three not, but they are getting closer and closer. Dejan, I think, will train 100 per cent from Monday on. “With the other two [Keita and Milner], I don’t know exactly. I cannot rush it so when somebody tells me they are ready, I take them back in training.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. See also: Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Watford vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Liverpool vs Man City Liverpool and Manchester City are set to go head-to-head on Sunday in what should be an enthralling clash. The Merseyside powerhouse currently sit top of the Premier League and are unbeaten in their opening 11 league ties this campaign. This has opened up a six-point gap… November 9, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Newcastle Liverpool are set to host Newcastle in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Reds head into the game looking to make it four wins out of four in the 2019/20 PL season. Liverpool are currently the only side not to have dropped points in the English top-flight.… September 14, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool ‘bottled’ the title Liverpool had a superb 2018/19 season. They would win their 6th Champions League title and record their highest points total in the Premier League. Jurgen Klopp’s side managed a staggering 97 points in the league but they still failed to come away with the title as… September 27, 2019 In "Sports"