THE Bishops of Anglican Church on Wednesday rejected the Supreme Court judgment on the Imo State governorship election. The apex court had a fortnight ago sacked Emeka Ihedioha and installed Senator Hope Uzodinma as the new governor of the state. Rejecting the judgment as “wicked and corrupt,” the bishops warned that failure to reverse the decision could attract the wrath of God on the Supreme Court justices. The clerics also called for the immediate resignation of the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Tanko Mohammed, saying he is not qualified to head the nation’s judiciary. The Anglican bishops, who spoke through the Archbishop of Enugu Province, Dr. Emmanuel Chukwuma, described the judgment as kangaroo and unacceptable to the people of Imo State. He said: “I am speaking the minds of most of the Bishops of the Anglican Church that we are very much discontented and very much in disagreement with the kangaroo judgment of the Supreme Court on what has happened in Imo State. “We sincerely feel disappointed with the Chief Justice of Nigeria who has not got his facts correct and we feel that that judgment is wicked and corrupt.” Vanguard The post Supreme Court’s judgement on Imo election wicked, corrupt – Anglican bishops appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard …Felicitates with New Governor By Emmanuel Elebeke Imo State Caucus of OMPALAN has hailed the Supreme Court judgment on Imo governorship appeal and  felicitated with the new governor of the State, Senator Hope Uzodinma for his victory. Gov. Uzodinma was sworn in on Wednesday after he  was declared winner of… January 17, 2020 In "News" Ihedioha-Uzodinma By Chimaobi Nwaiwu – Nnewi The International Society for the Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law, Intersociety, has described as Black rain falling in Imo State and Palm Kernel ripening at the tail of palm frond, the Supreme Court Judgment On Imo State governorship election, which unseated former… January 16, 2020 In "News" Hope Uzodinma By Nwafor Sunday Senator Hope Uzodinma, has quashed canard making rounds that he was not supposed to be declared winner of March 9, 2019, Imo gubernatorial election, saying that the apex court used her eagle eyes to give him justice. Democrats to send Trump impeachment articles to Senate… January 15, 2020 In "News"