Manchester City traveled to Manchester United on Tuesday for a League Cup semi-final clash. Last time these two sides faced off prior to Tuesday was in the Premier League at the back end of 2019. The Red Devils came out on top on that occasion but the LC tie produced a very different result. The first 45 at Old Trafford saw Pep Guardiola’s men completely dominate United in all areas of the pitch with City going in at half-time with a commanding 3-0 lead. The second-half saw a bit more fight from Man United with proceedings drawing to a close with the score at 3-1. Man United will now travel to the Etihad for the second leg of the semi-final on January 29th. Fernandinho would put in another solid shift for City on Tuesday evening at centre-back. The Brazilian is, of course, naturally a central midfielder but Guardiola has been deploying him as a centre-back for much of this season, partly due to City’s injury problems. The 34-year-old has been doing a solid job in said role. But Fernandinho, who turns 35 in May, is out of contract with the Citizens in the summer. Yet despite his age, losing a player who has been so pivotal to City’s success in recent years would likely be a big blow. However, after the victory over United on Tuesday, Fernandinho claimed he is close to reaching goals in his contract that would automatically renew it: “When I renewed at the end of 2018, we put a clause that if I reached certain goals, my contract would be renewed automatically. “Conversations have already started, we talked about it last month. “I am close to reaching those goals and renewing the contract, but we can only confirm it after signing. “The club have already shown interest in me staying, I have also shown [my interest] in staying.” As quoted by the Manchester Evening News. See also: Leicester vs Aston Villa betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Carlo Ancelotti’s tactics questioned by players as angry Everton fans confront Marcel Brands  Source: Great Goals