As per a report from Goal.com, Manchester United are ready to reignite their chase of Sporting CP midfielder Bruno Fernandes this month. 25-year-old Fernandes has emerged as one of Portuguese football’s star performers over the last couple of seasons. The former Udinese and Sampdoria man possesses all of the key traits of a modern attacking midfielder, combining a keen eye for goal, set-piece prowess, creative flair and a penchant for the spectacular. Across all competitions last season, Fernandes racked up a spectacular 32 goals and 18 assists. As a result, it subsequently came as little surprise to see a whole host of top European clubs named as keen suitors of the Sporting star this past summer. Manchester City were first rumoured to have been on the verge of clinching a deal for the midfielder, before Premier League rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Tottenham were all also touted as potential destinations. Bit of Bruno Fernandes detail. His agent, Miguel Pinho, met with #THFC y’day. Fernandes & Lo Celso Spurs’ midfield targets. #MUFC, who met Pinho 2 months ago, asked him in past fortnight for some more time as they focus first on signing a RB (Wan-Bissaka) https://t.co/s2XCpyzQYX — James Ducker (@TelegraphDucker) June 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js In the end, however, a transfer failed to come to fruition for Fernandes, with the 25-year-old having since gone on to pen a new deal at the José Alvalade Stadium. As per the aforementioned report from Goal, though, Fernandes could nevertheless yet be on the move this month. This comes amid fresh interest on the part of Manchester United. It has long been common knowledge that Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is on the lookout for attack-minded midfield reinforcements, amid Jesse Lingard’s widely-publicised struggles. But, with first-choice targets James Maddison and Christian Eriksen looking unattainable, Solskjaer and co. have seemingly switched their attentions back to Fernandes. As per Goal’s report: ‘United are yet to make any contact with Sporting regarding a potential transfer, but there would be no difficulty from United’s end in raising the funds required to sign the 25-year-old should Solskjaer make it clear that he needs to be acquired in January.’ Will Man Utd finally get their man? 👀 By @lxndrnthrtn — Goal News (@GoalNews) January 5, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals