Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has ruled out an exit for Danish defender Andreas Christensen amid links with Serie A giants AC Milan. The Danish defender has not featured as much as he probably would have liked this season. Christensen has featured just eight times in the Premier League this campaign, with a further four appearances across the Champions League, UEFA Super Cup and FA Cup. That’s mainly down to the form of Kurt Zouma and Fikayo Tomori. Both players have impressed, and all three central defenders have been rotated quite often this season. That lead to suggestions that AC Milan could move for Christensen in the current transfer window. However, Frank Lampard has now ruled out an exit for the Danish defender this month. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 05: Marouane Fellaini of Manchester United and Andreas Christensen of Chelsea battle for possession in the air during the Premier League match between Chelsea and Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on November 5, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Mike Hewitt/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of Chelsea’s clash with Burnley, Lampard claimed Christensen won’t be going anywhere this month. He explained that while he likes Christensen as a player, the reality is there’s plenty of competition in his position. ‘I can rule it out,’ Lampard explained, as quoted by the Mail. ‘I like Andreas as a player; I’ve always liked him. I used to train with him and saw the talent coming through. ‘I want Andreas to be the best he can be. When you see the height, the athleticism and the quality on the ball. The reality is we have competition at centre-back here. ‘I have to choose on what I see and generally, two of them won’t be happy.’   Euros at home What a group A post shared by  Andreas Christensen (@andreaschristensen3) on Nov 18, 2019 at 2:38pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Christensen’s Chelsea stint Andreas Christensen has been on Chelsea’s books for his entire senior career. The Danish international, like many other youngsters who play for Chelsea, spent time out on loan whilst with the London outfit. Christensen would enjoy a rather fruitful loan spell in Germany with Borussia Monchengladbach. The… January 8, 2020 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has this evening provided updates on a pair of his side’s stars, ahead of their meeting with Manchester United. Chelsea vs Man United The Blues are set to welcome Ole Gunnar Solskaer’s men to Stamford Bridge tomorrow night, for a high-profile League Cup clash. Hosts Chelsea… October 29, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has this evening provided fitness updates on a number of his squad’s stars, ahead of their meeting with Watford. Watford vs Chelsea The Blues are set to travel to Vicarage Road tomorrow, for the day’s late Premier League kick-off. Lampard’s men will head into proceedings, unlike… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"