As per a report from the Telegraph, Arsenal have a trio of defensive targets lined up this month, on the back of the news regarding the seriousness of Calum Chambers’ injury. Mikel Arteta’s Gunners brought an end to their dismal run of just 1 win in 15 across all competitions in impressive fashion last night. A meeting with Manchester United at the Emirates eventually saw the hosts run out deserved 2-0 winners, courtesy of goals from Nicolas Pepe and Sokratis Papastathopoulos. Less than 24 hours later, though, the mood around the Arsenal dressing room was soured considerably, following an update on the well-being of Calum Chambers. Versatile stopper Chambers was forced off during his side’s 2-1 defeat to Chelsea last weekend, with fears having quickly spread that he had suffered a serious knee injury. And, in a major blow, this much was subsequently confirmed earlier this afternoon. An update across Arsenal’s social media platforms revealed that Chambers has ruptured his ACL, and is set for 6 to 9 months on the sidelines. An update on Calum Chambers. Read our full team news update ahead of the #EmiratesFACup 👇 — Arsenal (@Arsenal) January 2, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As per the aforementioned report from the Telegraph, though, despite the impressive respective displays of David Luiz and Sokratis versus Manchester United last night, Mikel Arteta and co. are nevertheless eyeing defensive reinforcements on the back of Chambers’ injury. In fact, the north Londoners are already said to have drawn up a 3-man shortlist. On this list are Bournemouth’s Nathan Ake, RB Leipzig standout Dayot Upamecano and Juventus’ Daniele Rugani. Of these 3 stoppers, Rugani is probably the most realistic target this month, with the Italian international struggling behind a plethora of central-defensive talent at the Allianz Stadium. When drawn on the club’s plans for the winter transfer window earlier today, Arsenal boss Arteta explained: ‘That we will try to be in the market to see options that can strengthen the team, that’s for sure and that’s our obligation. We are going to be working on that.’ On whether Calum Chambers’ serious injury has forced the club to alter their standpoint, the Spaniard continued: ‘My obligation is to give my opinion on the things we can improve. We have some bad injuries with Calum a few days ago, which is obviously going to change our plans at the back. But the reality at the moment is that we are not going to be able to do much.’ The Arteta effect in full force as Arsenal clinch much-needed win over Man United Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang speaks out over Arsenal future Source: Great Goals Arsenal have this afternoon confirmed that Calum Chambers is set to sit out the remainder of the campaign with a serious knee injury. Arsenal down United The Gunners welcomed Manchester United to the Emirates last night, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings in search of… January 2, 2020 In "Sports" As per a report from the Daily Mail, Arsenal fear that the injury picked up by Calum Chambers over the weekend could rule the defender out of action for the remainder of the campaign. Arsenal’s dismal run continues The north Londoners welcomed capital rivals Chelsea to the Emirates on Sunday,… December 31, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal bested by Chelsea Mikel Arteta took charge of his first home game as Arsenal boss on Sunday. The Gunners played host to Chelsea as they looked to put an end to their poor run of form. Chelsea also went into the tie in pretty terrible form, however, Frank Lampard’s… December 29, 2019 In "Sports"