Reports stemming from France today suggest that Premier League giants Manchester United and Chelsea are both keen on the free agent summer signing of Edinson Cavani. Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade+. On the back of prolific spells with both Palermo and Napoli in Italy, Cavani was snapped up by Ligue 1 giants PSG in the summer of 2013, for a fee believed to be around €64 million. And the Uruguayan’s stellar goal-scoring exploits have since unsurprisingly continued in France. All told, across over 250 appearances in the colours of the capital giants, Cavani has racked up a sensational 195 goals. The last couple of seasons, however, have seen the South American’s game-time begin to dwindle. BRUSSELS, BELGIUM – OCTOBER 18: Edinson Cavani of PSG celebrates scoring his sides second goal with Kylian Mbappe of PSG during the UEFA Champions League group B match between RSC Anderlecht and Paris Saint-Germain at Constant Vanden Stock Stadium on October 18, 2017 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) After being afforded 20 Ligue 1 starts during the 2018/19 campaign, Cavani has followed up with just 4 more to this point this term. This comes on the back of Mauro Icardi’s summer arrival from Inter Milan. As such, with Icardi expected to maintain the mantle of first-choice centre-forward at the Parc des Princes over the seasons to come, mounting speculation linking Cavani with a departure has come as little surprise. The outfit most persistently-tipped as a landing spot for the hitman, meanwhile, have been Atletico Madrid. In fact, it has even been claimed that a pre-contract agreement is already in place for Cavani to make the move to the Spanish capital in the summer, when his deal with PSG expires. The latest reports stemming from France today, though, suggest that Atleti are far from the only club in the running for the 32-year-old. According to L’Equipe (as cited by GFFN), Cavani does have a pre-contract on the table to join Diego Simeone’s side come the close of the campaign. However, he has yet to actually put pen-to-paper on this deal. As such, the door remains open for any other interested parties to pip Atletico to Cavani’s signing. And L’Equipe add that two of the clubs with hopes of doing so are Chelsea and Manchester United. Both Premier League giants are also said to be eyeing the former Palermo man’s signature as a free agent in the summer: ‘Manchester United have made initial contact in the meantime and could make an offer if it appears that they will qualify for the Champions’ League next season. As for Chelsea, they themselves have made an opening formal enquiry, as they look to beef up their attacking options.’ https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian forward Neymar (R) celebrates after scoring with Paris Saint-Germain's Uruguayan forward Edinson Cavani during the French L1 football match between Rennes (Stade Rennais FC) and Paris Saint Germain (PSG), on December 16, 2017, at the Roazhon Park, in Rennes, northwestern France. LOIC VENANCE / AFP Neymar starred… December 16, 2017 In "News" The staggering numbers involved in Neymar’s sensational move to Paris Saint-Germain have been revealed as the Brazilian earns more than £600,000-a-week, according to SunSports. Officially, Neymar has the world’s third-largest sports contract, behind Jiancarlo Stanton and Alex Rodriguez who are both Baseball players in the USA. But Neymar makes more… September 24, 2017 In "News" Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian striker Neymar celebrates his second goal during the UEFA Champions League Group B football match between Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) and Glasgow Celtic at Parc des Princes Stadium in Paris on November 22, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / FRANCK FIFENeymar was back in the mood with the Brazilian… November 23, 2017 In "News"