As per a report from the Daily Mail, former Juventus and AC Milan boss Massimiliano Allegri remains keen on the managerial post at Manchester United. On the back of a solid run throughout much of December, the Red Devils’ form has taken a nosedive of late. United have managed just 2 wins from their last 6 outings across all competitions, and none in their last 3. After being comprehensively downed by Arsenal in a Premier League meeting at the Emirates last week, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men were subsequently held to a 0-0 stalemate by Wolves in the FA Cup at the weekend. Their most recent fixture, meanwhile, saw United’s hopes of clinching silverware this season dealt a major blow, as the Red Devils were put to the sword by 3 goals to 1 by Manchester rivals City in the first-leg of the Carabao Cup semi-final tie between the clubs. Perhaps most worrying of all amid United’s dip, however, has not been their results, but more so the club’s performances. The Manchester giants were utterly outplayed by all of Watford, Arsenal and Man City over the last couple of weeks, and all too often still look a side without any real identity. This, as a result, has inevitably seen pressure begin to mount on the shoulders of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer once more. Patience appears to be wearing thin with the Norwegian tactician amongst United’s fanbase, with many of the opinion that the club ought to call time on the ‘Ole’s at the wheel’ experiment. SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 24: A dejected Ole Gunnar Solskjaer the head coach / manager of Manchester United at the end of the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Manchester United at Bramall Lane on November 24, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) And, as per the aforementioned report from the Daily Mail, one manager who is keeping a close eye on the situation in the dugout at Old Trafford is Max Allegri. Highly-regarded Italian tactician Allegri has been out of work since the end of last season, when he was relieved of his duties following a trophy-laden stint with Juventus. The Mail, though, claim that the 52-year-old ‘has been holding off on an immediate return to management in the hope of eventually taking over at United.’ Former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino, meanwhile, is also said to be ‘keeping a close watch on developments’ in the red half of Manchester. Chelsea vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Max Allegri is still holding out for the Manchester United job, according to reports. The Italian boss is unemployed after leaving Juventus at the end of the last campaign but only after he lifted a fifth consecutive Serie A title. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, meanwhile, has come under pressure at United… January 9, 2020 In "News" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening revealed his opinion that his side’s draw with Sheffield United showcased the fact that the Red Devils are much improved when compared to last season. McBurnie strikes late Solskjaer’s men visited Bramall Lane earlier today, for their latest Premier League outing.… November 24, 2019 In "Sports" Could Allegri replace Solskjaer shortly? Manchester United are reportedly ‘very close’ to agreeing a deal with former Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri to take over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. It’s not been a great start to the season for United. Despite starting with a 4-0 win over Chelsea, Manchester United find… October 16, 2019 In "Sports"