Aston Villa’s 2020 got off to a rather negative start. The relegation-battling outfit would pick up a win over Burnley on January 1st. But in said game, Villa were dealt two huge blows. Both Wesley and Tom Heaton picked up injuries during the clash vs the Clarets. Villa would then confirm that both players are now sidelined for the remainder of the season. The Club can confirm that Tom Heaton and Wesley both suffered significant knee ligament damage during our match with Burnley on Wednesday and will now miss the rest of the season. #AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Wesley had started all 21 of Villa’s Premier League ties this term and losing him for the season is really not what Villa, who are currently one point above the PL bottom three, needed. Since the Brazilian was ruled out for the remainder of the season, Villa have been linked with a number of strikers including Chelsea’s Michy Batshuayi and AC Milan’s Krzysztof Piatek. Now, on Wednesday, The Athletic are reporting that Villa are weighing up a move for Burnley forward, Jay Rodriguez. Rodriguez is said to be under serious consideration from Villa with Dean Smith looking to add two new forwards to bolster Villa’s ranks following Wesley’s injury, as per The Athletic. The 30-year-old has featured in all 21 of Burnley’s Premier League outings so far this season, finding the back of the net on three occasions. BURNLEY, ENGLAND – JANUARY 01: Wesley of Aston Villa receives medical attention during the Premier League match between Burnley FC and Aston Villa at Turf Moor on January 01, 2020 in Burnley, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Aston Villa are also being linked with some goalkeepers in the wake of Tom Heaton’s injury. Burnley’s Joe Hart was linked with the Lions last week. The Daily Mail then reported on Tuesday evening that Aston Villa have held talks with Serie A outfit AC Milan over a possible deal for Pepe Reina. The former Liverpool standout is now 37 years of age and has made just one appearance for Milan this term. See also: Fernandinho claims he is close to triggering Man City contract clause Tottenham ‘join chase’ for £30million rated Krzysztof Piatek – Guardian Source: Great Goals Fulham vs Aston Villa Aston Villa are set to get their 2019/20 FA Cup campaign underway on Saturday the 4th of January. Villa will travel to Fulham for their FA Cup 3rd round tie. Despite being in separate leagues, the two outfits have fairly recent history. It would be Fulham… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Heaton out for season Tom Heaton began the 2019/20 campaign as Aston Villa’s main goalkeeper. The Englishman signed for the newly-promoted side over the summer, leaving Burnley. Heaton seemed like a solid addition for Villa. He is a proven Premier League keeper and has a fair bit of English top-flight… January 5, 2020 In "Sports" Hart’s fall from grace At his peak, Joe Hart was arguably one of the top goalkeepers in the Premier League. Hart was Manchester City’s main shot-stopper for several years, racking up over 300 appearances for the Sky Blues as they looked to climb the footballing ranks. Hart would win two… January 4, 2020 In "Sports"