Norwich City boss Daniel Farke has this evening provided a fitness update on star striker Teemu Pukki. The Canaries are set to return to action tomorrow afternoon, with a Premier League meeting with Eddie Howe’s Bournemouth at Carrow Road. The hosts will head into proceedings amid a dismal spell of form, having failed to secure a league victory since the end of November. Their latest outing, meanwhile, saw Norwich utterly dismantled en route to a 4-0 drubbing at Manchester United last weekend. This run has left the struggling Norfolk-based out sitting rock bottom of the English top-flight table, and staring relegation back to the Championship in the face. If Daniel Farke’s men maintain any hope of staging a miracle recovery over the coming months to maintain their top-flight status, though, then a 3-point haul this weekend will prove critical. The Canaries’ opponents tomorrow, in the form of Bournemouth, sit 2nd from bottom in the Premier League. Eddie Howe’s men have, like Norwich, been in absolutely abysmal form over recent weeks, with the Cherries set to visit Carrow Road on the back of consecutive defeats versus Brighton, West Ham and Watford, during which they conceded a whopping 10 goals, and scored none. As such, speaking in a press conference ahead of his side’s crunch meeting with Bournemouth, Daniel Farke this evening provided a fitness update on his squad. And, in a major boost to the hosts’ prospects tomorrow, Farke confirmed that star striker Teemu Pukki is set to return to action. Finnish international Pukki has proven one of the few bright spots in Norwich’s season to this point, having racked up 9 goals and 3 assists in the Premier League. However, the 29-year-old had missed the club’s last two outings with a hamstring problem. But, having returned to full fitness, both Pukki and key defender Ben Godfrey are once again available for selection: 💬 DF: Teemu Pukki is ready to go and Ben Godfrey is back.#NORBOU pic.twitter.com/oLEkCO0iKF — Norwich City FC (@NorwichCityFC) January 17, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Watford vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Norwich City boss Daniel Farke has this afternoon confirmed that Teemu Pukki is set to miss the club’s FA Cup meeting with Preston, amid struggles with a pair of separate injury concerns. Preston vs Norwich The Canaries are set to get their latest campaign in English football’s premiere cup competition… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Norwich City boss Daniel Farke has confirmed that star striker Teemu Pukki is set to miss the club’s meeting with Manchester United this weekend. United host Norwich The Canaries’ latest Premier League outing will see them travel to Old Trafford tomorrow afternoon. Norwich will head into proceedings amid a 3-game… January 10, 2020 In "Sports" Norwich hold Leicester Norwich traveled to Leicester on Saturday as they looked to put an end to their dismal run of form. The Canneries have not had the best time since clinching promotion to the Premier League and began the weekend 19th in the table. Norwich would face another mammoth… December 15, 2019 In "Sports"