VIDEO: Krizbeatz – Riddim ft. Yemi Alade & Skales Highly skilled music producer, Krizbeatz is serious about winning this year as he kickstarts 2020 with the release of a lovely tune titled “Riddim.” On this new record, he features Yemi Alade and Skales, his regular collaborator. The two artists combine to make what could become the next chorus of the continent. Krizbeatz is famed for his ingenious works – products of his inventive and adventurous style of music production, which is enriched by infusion of elements of electro-dance music (EDM) and Reggae. His prominent work “Pana” is considered one of the songs of the decade in Nigeria. The AfroDanceMusic (ADM) movement, which he actively participated in, was culturally impactful during the same period. SEE ALSO: Krizbeatz ft. Sean Tizzle & Ceeboi – Level Kriz’s new offering, Riddim epitomizes all that the talented producer is reputed for – thoughtful choice of collaborators, fine conflux of rhythm and melodies. Yemi Alade applies some of the artistic charm that makes a force on the continent, while Skales’ lively singing is highlighted by the line, “all of them must turn up to this o.” Check it out and share your thoughts below. DOWNLOAD AUDIO ITUNES/APPLE MUSIC The post VIDEO: Krizbeatz – Riddim ft. Yemi Alade & Skales appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Just as promised KrizBeatz (The Drummer Boy) dishes out his anticipated 2020 debut “Riddim” featuring Yemi Alade and Skales. Award winning music producer/recording artiste, Krizbeatz sets off the new year with a cool dancehall song titled “Riddim“. To achieve this he joins forces with Skales and Mama Africa, Yemi Alade… January 24, 2020 In "Music/Video" Krizbeatz – Riddim ft. Yemi Alade & Skales Overview of Krizbeatz – Riddim ft. Yemi Alade & Skales Highly skilled music producer, Krizbeatz the drummer boy has released a brand new record which he titled “Riddim.” “Riddim” serves as the lad’s first offering for 2020 and it features mama Africa,… January 24, 2020 In "Music/Video" Rhatti – Biko Overview of Rhatti – Biko Penthauze Music recording artiste, Rhatti comes through with a brand new single and video entitled “Biko.” “Biko” serves as Rhatti‘s debut single, his delivery on the record shows that he is good to go. Talented music producer, Dera claims the production credit.… January 24, 2020 In "Music/Video"