Aston Villa are having a fairly tough time since their return to the English top-flight. Villa currently sit 18th in the Premier League, one point from safety. Their last outing would also see them comprehensively beaten 6-1 by Manchester City. As well as struggling with results, Dean Smith’s side have also lost two of their first-team regulars for the remainder of the season. The Club can confirm that Tom Heaton and Wesley both suffered significant knee ligament damage during our match with Burnley on Wednesday and will now miss the rest of the season. #AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, Villa have been fairly active in the current January market as they gear up for a relegation battle. The Lions have already brought in experienced Premier League stars Pepe Reina and Danny Drinkwater this month to bolster their squad. We are delighted to confirm the arrival of vastly experienced goalkeeper @PReina25 on loan until the end of the season. #BienvenidoPepe #AVFC @eToro — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 13, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Danny Drinkwater has joined Aston Villa on loan until the end of the season! #AVFC @eToro — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 7, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And it seems Aston Villa are looking to add another player with Premier League experience to their ranks in the coming weeks. According to the Mirror, Villa are trying to tempt Steven Nzonzi into a move back to the Premier League. The Frenchman has previously plied his trade in the English top-flight with then Premier League outfits Blackburn and Stoke. Nzonzi then enjoyed a fruitful spell in Spain with Sevilla before moving to AS Roma in 2018. Nzonzi has made 39 appearances for the Serie A outfit but he is currently spending the 2019/20 campaign out on loan with Galatasaray. But the above-linked report from the Mirror claims the midfielder is ready to cancel his loan this month. See also: Monaco vs PSG betting tips: Ligue 1 match preview & predictions AC Milan vs SPAL betting tips: Coppa Italia match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Wolves betting tips: FA Cup Third Round Replay match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Fulham vs Aston Villa Aston Villa are set to get their 2019/20 FA Cup campaign underway on Saturday the 4th of January. Villa will travel to Fulham for their FA Cup 3rd round tie. Despite being in separate leagues, the two outfits have fairly recent history. It would be Fulham… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Man City’s injury troubles Manchester City have had a fairly torrid time with injuries this season. Despite it only being October, all three of Man City’s senior central defenders have already suffered some sort of injury with Aymeric Laporte still on the side-lines. Fernandinho and Rodri have been featuring as… October 26, 2019 In "Sports" Villa eyeing Rodriguez Aston Villa’s 2020 got off to a rather negative start. The relegation-battling outfit would pick up a win over Burnley on January 1st. But in said game, Villa were dealt two huge blows. Both Wesley and Tom Heaton picked up injuries during the clash vs the Clarets.… January 8, 2020 In "Sports"