Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp this evening opened up on a number of interesting topics, during his post-Everton press conference. The Reds got their FA Cup campaign underway a short time ago, with a Merseyside derby meeting with Carlo Ancelotti’s Everton. The clash actually marked the 2nd time in 3 seasons that Liverpool had been pitted against the Blues at this stage of the competition. And, as was the case two years ago, when all was said and done at Anfield, it was the hosts who emerged victorious. A wonder-strike from teenager Curtis Jones 20 minutes from time eventually proved the difference between the sides, as Liverpool’s remarkable 2019/20 campaign rolled on. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The European champions’ victory this evening came despite Jurgen Klopp having made it clear that his focus remains firmly on securing the Premier League title, with the German having fielded a fully 2nd-choice XI versus Everton: 🔴 TEAM NEWS 🔴 Our #EmiratesFACup line-up to face @Everton 👇 #MerseysideDerby #FACup https://t.co/ivIwj3UQbm — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 5, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As showcased above, one of the few senior stars to have been handed a start for the Reds, though, was James Milner. As such, it came as a major blow when, with less than 10 minutes on the clock, the veteran midfielder picked up an injury. In preventing what would otherwise likely have been an Everton opener, Milner appeared to pull his hamstring, forcing the Liverpool star to limp off. As such, speaking in his post-match interview this evening, Jurgen Klopp was inevitably drawn on Milner’s well-being. And it was far from positive news, with the German tactician having explained: ‘Two players started the last game and one of them got injured, so that’s the situation we are in. That’s why a lot of managers make a lot of changes; it’s nothing to do with the cup, it’s the timing.’ ‘[Milner] has pain, that says it’s serious. It’s [his] muscle.’ James Milner injury update.#EmiratesFACup https://t.co/xMlczr9o8T — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 5, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Klopp was then drawn on the performance of January signing Takumi Minamino versus Everton. Today’s matchup marked Japanese international Minamino’s debut in the colours of Liverpool, on the back of his winter arrival from RB Salzburg. And Klopp couldn’t speak highly enough about the display of the latest addition to his squad, labelling Minamino ‘outstanding’: ‘Super, outstanding. Exactly the player we wanted, exactly the player we wished for.’ ‘Your first game in a team you don’t know, if it’s a settled team it’s already difficult – this team we threw more or less on the pitch with two sessions together. And then showing this kind of game understanding, football skills are exceptional, attitude is outstanding, led the chasing pack so often in different situations, which I loved.’ ‘He didn’t look tired, but because we don’t know him that long we just wanted to save him a little bit, so took him off.’ Jürgen Klopp delivered a glowing appraisal of @takumina0116’s performance after the new signing made his Reds debut against Everton 🙌🔴 — Liverpool FC (@LFC) January 5, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions Adam Lallana speaks out over Liverpool future: ‘I’m enjoying playing for the best team in the world’ Source: Great Goals Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk has this evening taken to social media, to praise the club’s performance in their Merseyside derby victory. Jones’ stunner decides it Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Everton to Anfield a short time ago, for their FA Cup opener. The matchup marked the 2nd time in 3… January 5, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool have this evening been dealt a blow on the injury front, during the club’s FA Cup meeting with Everton. Liverpool host Everton Jurgen Klopp’s men are currently locked in action with their Merseyside derby rivals at Anfield, in the tie of the FA Cup 3rd-round. It actually marks the… January 5, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided an update on his squad, ahead of their meeting with Everton. Liverpool vs Everton The Reds are set to get their FA Cup campaign underway in 2 days’ time, in the tie of the 3rd-round. Liverpool and Everton will play out the… January 3, 2020 In "Sports"