Reports stemming from France today suggest that Aston Villa are readying a strong push to secure the signature of out-of-favour Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud. Dean Smith’s Villa have endured a difficult campaign back in the Premier League to date. The Villans currently occupy the final of the English top-flight’s relegation spots, and look set for a swift return to the Championship, if things don’t soon turn around. Compounding the woes of the Claret and Blue, meanwhile, were a pair of hammer blows on the personnel front earlier this month. A Premier League meeting with Burnley eventually saw Villa emerge with a potentially-crucial 2-1 win. However, during the clash, both Tom Heaton and Wesley were forced off with what looked serious injuries. As such, it came as little surprise when it was subsequently confirmed in the days that followed that the pair had been ruled out for the remainder of the campaign, with knee ligament damage: The Club can confirm that Tom Heaton and Wesley both suffered significant knee ligament damage during our match with Burnley on Wednesday and will now miss the rest of the season. #AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Villa’s board, though, to their credit, have since been proactive in adding reinforcements to Dean Smith’s squad this month. First, Danny Drinkwater was signed on loan from Chelsea for the remainder of the campaign, before Pepe Reina arrived from AC Milan earlier in the week to cover for the sidelined Tom Heaton. And, as per a report from French outlet Le10Sport today, the Lions are now eyeing attacking additions. It is claimed that Villa have set their sights firmly on a January move for Chelsea’s Olivier Giroud. World Cup winner Giroud is heavily out-of-favour at Stamford Bridge as things stand, and widely-expected to move on over the coming weeks. And, with the veteran’s main suitors, in the form of Inter Milan, seemingly struggling to push a deal over the line, Villa are said to be ready to throw their hat into the ring. Le10Sport go as far as to claim that Dean Smith and co. will ‘try everything’ to coax Giroud to the club this month. Liverpool & Chelsea going head-to-head for Timo Werner – Mirror Chelsea boss Lampard responds to Ross Barkley being linked with West Ham Source: Great Goals As per a report from Sky Sports News, Aston Villa are inching towards the signing of Genk striker Mbwana Samatta. Villa’s struggles Dean Smith’s Villa have endured a difficult campaign back in the Premier League to date. The Villans currently occupy the final of the English top-flight’s relegation spots, and… January 16, 2020 In "Sports" Chelsea vs Aston Villa Chelsea will play host to Aston Villa on Wednesday as they look to get back to winning ways. The Blues are currently three games without a win across all competitions. Granted two of those ties did come against very tough opposition in the form of Manchester… December 2, 2019 In "Sports" France boss Didier Deschamps has this afternoon revealed his hope that Olivier Giroud manages to find a way out of Chelsea this month. Chelsea stint 33-year-old hitman Giroud has been on the books at Stamford Bridge since January of 2018. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s arrival at Arsenal pushed the Frenchman further… January 7, 2020 In "Sports"