Olivier Giroud would join Chelsea in January of 2018 from fellow Premier League outfit, Arsenal. The Frenchman has enjoyed a decent amount of success since joining the Blues. In 70 outings across all competitions, Giroud has scored 19 and assisted 13. Giroud has also clinched the Europa League and FA Cup during his stint with Chelsea. However, since the arrival of Frank Lampard in the Chelsea dugout, Giroud has become somewhat of a fringe player. The now 33-year-old has made just seven appearances across all competitions for Chelsea this term and has been completely omitted from Chelsea’s last six Premier League matchday squads. Giroud wouldn’t even start on Sunday for Chelsea as they took on Championship outfit Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup. NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE, ENGLAND – JANUARY 01: Steve Bruce, Manager of Newcastle United looks on during the Premier League match between Newcastle United and Leicester City at St. James Park on January 01, 2020 in Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom. (Photo by Mark Runnacles/Getty Images) And with Euro 2020 just around the corner, France boss Didier Deschamps stated that Giroud may need to leave Chelsea. One potential destination for the former Arsenal man could be Newcastle United. The Telegraph have reported on Sunday that the Magpies would like to bring in Giroud on loan for the remainder of the season. Newcastle have scored just 20 goals in 21 Premier League outings this term with summer signing Joelinton netting just once in 21 league games this season. So, bringing in a striker may be a good shout for Newcastle this window. Steve Bruce was recently asked  if addressing Newcastle’s lack of goals will be a priority in January, to which Bruce responded: “Yes. We’ve had a couple of knock-backs already so we’ll keep working away. “It’s very difficult, especially at that end of the pitch, to get something that’s going to make you better. I won’t just be bringing in players for the sake of it, but we’ll see what the next two or three weeks bring.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. However, while Giroud would likely prove a solid addition for Newcastle, the Telegraph have also reported that the Frenchman will not be allowed to leave Stamford Bridge unless Chelsea can bring in a replacement. See also: Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions Gillingham vs West Ham betting tips: FA Cup match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Giroud to leave Chelsea? Olivier Giroud joined Chelsea in January of 2018, moving from fellow Premier League outfit, Arsenal. The Frenchman has since gone on to feature 70 times for Chelsea across all competitions. Giroud has also captured the FA Cup and Europa League whilst at Stamford Bridge with Giroud… December 27, 2019 In "Sports" Reports across the English media this afternoon suggest that Crystal Palace are eyeing a January swoop for out-of-favour Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud. Chelsea stint 33-year-old hitman Giroud has been on the books at Stamford Bridge since January of last year. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s arrival at Arsenal pushed the Frenchman further… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Reports across the English media this afternoon suggest that Crystal Palace are eyeing a January swoop for out-of-favour Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud. Chelsea stint 33-year-old hitman Giroud has been on the books at Stamford Bridge since January of last year. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s arrival at Arsenal pushed the Frenchman further… October 21, 2019 In "Sports"