Candidate of the Action Alliance, AA, in the governorship election that held in Imo State on March 9, Uche Nwosu, on Tuesday, withdrew the appeal he lodged to challenge governor Emeka Ihedioha’s victory. Nwosu, who is son inlaw to former governor of the state, Rochas Okorocha, predicated his decision to withdraw his appeal against Ihedioha on a judgement the Supreme Court delivered against him on December 20, 2019. When his appeal marked SC/1463/19, was called up for hearing by a seven-man panel of justices led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Justice Tanko Muhammad, Nwosu, through his lawyer, Mr. Solomon Umoh, SAN, said he was no longer willing to continue the case. “Based on the judgement of this Court dated 20th December, in SC/1384/19, we had resolved to withdraw our appeal, on my advice to my client”, Umoh submitted. Owing to withdrawal of the appeal, the apex court panel struck it out. It will be recalled that the apex court held that Nwosu was not eligible to participate in the governorship contest, noting that he was nominated by both the APC and the AA. Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Breaking: Okorocha’s inlaw, Nwosu withdraws appeal against Ihedioha appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard …Ortom, Tambuwal, Ihedioha, Lalong await judgement By Ikechukwu Nnochiri The Supreme Court, on Monday, abruptly suspended its proceedings, midway after it commenced hearing on an appeal challenging the election of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State. A seven-man panel of justices headed by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Justice… January 13, 2020 In "News" Tribune Online Osun guber: Supreme Court decides Oyetola, Adeleke’s fate Friday The Supreme Court will today deliver judgment in the appeals brought before it by the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2018 governorship election in Osun State, Senator Ademola Adeleke, challenging the judgement of the… July 4, 2019 In "News" Owerri –  It was yet another victory at the Imo Governorship Electoral Tribunal for Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha Governor of Imo State, as the Action Alliance (AA), on whose platform Uche Nwosu ran for the Governorship of the state disassociated itself from the petition against the Governor by its governorship candidate.… June 26, 2019 In "News"