As per a report from Spanish outlet El Chiringuito, both Arsenal and Manchester United have lodged offers for out-of-favour Paris Saint-German striker Edinson Cavani. Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade+. On the back of prolific spells with both Palermo and Napoli in Italy, Cavani was snapped up by Ligue 1 giants PSG in the summer of 2013, for a fee believed to be around €64 million. And the Uruguayan’s stellar goal-scoring exploits have since unsurprisingly continued in France. All told, across over 250 appearances in the colours of the capital giants, Cavani has racked up a sensational 195 goals. The last couple of seasons, however, have seen the South American’s game-time begin to dwindle. BRUSSELS, BELGIUM – OCTOBER 18: Edinson Cavani of PSG celebrates scoring his sides second goal with Kylian Mbappe of PSG during the UEFA Champions League group B match between RSC Anderlecht and Paris Saint-Germain at Constant Vanden Stock Stadium on October 18, 2017 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) After being afforded 20 Ligue 1 starts during the 2018/19 campaign, Cavani has followed up with just 4 more to this point this term. This comes on the back of Mauro Icardi’s summer arrival from Inter Milan. As such, with Icardi expected to maintain the mantle of first-choice centre-forward at the Parc des Princes over the seasons to come, mounting speculation linking Cavani with a departure has come as little surprise. The outfit most persistently-tipped as a landing spot for the hitman, meanwhile, have been Atletico Madrid. In fact, it has even been claimed that a pre-contract agreement is already in place for Cavani to make the move to the Spanish capital in the summer, when his deal with PSG expires. If the latest reports stemming from Spain are to be believed, however, then Atleti are far from the only club in the running for the 32-year-old. In fact, according to El Chiringuito, a pair of Premier League clubs have gone as far as to lodge bids for Cavani. The clubs in question are Arsenal and Manchester United, both of whom are said to be keen on coaxing the South American to England this month. Inter Milan are also said to have tabled an offer to PSG. Crucially, however, it is added that Cavani himself has his heart set on playing under the guidance of Diego Simeone at Atletico. Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Reports stemming from France today suggest that Premier League giants Manchester United and Chelsea are both keen on the free agent summer signing of Edinson Cavani. PSG stint Veteran hitman Cavani, now 32, has enjoyed an illustrious career in Europe over the last decade+. On the back of prolific spells… January 6, 2020 In "Sports" The war of supremacy between Paris Saint Germain’s feuding superstars Neymar Jr and Edinson Cavani over spot-kicks has been resolved with Cavani revealing that the record signing Brazilian will take the next penalty kick after intervention by head coach Unai Emery. Cavani and Neymar were embroiled in an on-field spat… November 19, 2017 In "Sports" Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian forward Neymar (R) celebrates after scoring with Paris Saint-Germain's Uruguayan forward Edinson Cavani during the French L1 football match between Rennes (Stade Rennais FC) and Paris Saint Germain (PSG), on December 16, 2017, at the Roazhon Park, in Rennes, northwestern France. LOIC VENANCE / AFP Neymar starred… December 16, 2017 In "News"