An update on the fitness of Arsenal defender Sead Kolasinac has emerged online this afternoon, ahead of the Gunners’ meeting with Leeds United. Mikel Arteta is set for his first taste of FA Cup action as a manager tomorrow night. Arsenal’s competition opener will see the capital giants welcome high-flying Leeds to the Emirates. The hosts will head into proceedings brimming with confidence, on the back of arguably their finest performance of the campaign to date last time out. A meeting with Manchester United in north London during the week saw Arteta’s outfit utterly dominate the Red Devils, to eventually emerge with a deserved 2-0 victory. One note of concern on an otherwise fine evening for Arsenal on Wednesday, though, came on the personnel front. The player to have picked up a problem was Sead Kolasinac. Despite performing superbly versus Man United, Bosnian stopper Kolasinac could be seen to be in some degree of discomfort throughout proceedings, eventually resulting in his substitution 20 minutes from time. As such, with the 26-year-old having actually been widely-predicted to miss out on Wednesday’s matchup after picking up an ankle injury, his early exit no doubt had alarm bells ringing amongst the Arsenal faithful. This comes with fellow Gunners left-back Kieran Tierney currently sidelined due to a dislocated shoulder. As outlined above, though, an update on Kolasinac’s fitness has been forthcoming this afternoon. And it is positive news for the stopper, with the reliable Charles Watts having confirmed that Kolasinac took part in Arsenal training today, and will, as a result, likely be involved versus Leeds tomorrow night. Kolasinac trained today. Good to see after the way he limped through those 69 minutes against United. Martinelli trained again, will surely be back involved tomorrow night. — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) January 5, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: FA Cup Third Round match preview & predictions Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Arsenal in need of a confidence-boosting result Arsenal have issued injury updates on Dani Ceballos, Hector Bellerin and Sead Kolasinac ahead of their Europa League clash with Eintracht Frankfurt. It’s been a very difficult start to the campaign for Unai Emery. The Gunners have struggled to gain any momentum in the… November 27, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal have this afternoon provided fitness updates on a number of the club’s stars, ahead of their upcoming meeting with Everton. Everton vs Arsenal The Gunners are set for a trip to Goodison Park tomorrow afternoon, for a Premier League clash. Both sides will head into proceedings with interim managers… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" Sead Kolasinac, Mesut Ozil & carjacking attempt Ahead of Arsenal’s Europa League clash against Eintracht Frankfurt on Thursday, Sead Kolasinac has faced the press. The Bosnian opened up for the first time about being the victim of a carjacking attempt with Mesut Ozil. Kolasinac didn’t want to delve into the… September 19, 2019 In "Sports"