EDO State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has carpeted last week’s endorsement of Governor Godwin Obaseki who is of the All Progressives Congress (APC) by Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi describing him as a saboteur within the PDP. In a letter addressed to the National Chairman of the PDP,  Chief Uche Secondus by the state chairman of the PDP, Chief Dan Orbih, he said Umahi’s endorsement of Obaseki in an election the party had its brightest chance of winning was embarrassing. He wrote: “Edo PDP has been in opposition in the state since 2008 and from the opinion polls we conducted, this year, 2020, represents our brightest chance of winning the state back. “The party in government is engrossed in a fierce battle of supremacy between Governor Obaseki and his national chairman Adams Oshiomhole. Their fight has seriously affected governance to the extent that even the state house of assembly only has 10 out of 24 members seating even though they won 24/24 seats in the last elections. “No fewer than six council chairmen have been sacked as well as at least four members of state executive council because of their questionable loyalty.‘‘ Vanguard The post Edo PDP faults Umahi, petitions national chairman over Obaseki’s endorsement appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Tribune Online Stop distracting Obaseki, Oyegun cautions Oshiomhole Immediate past national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Odigie Oyegun has accused his successor, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, of instigating crisis in Edo State. Oshiomhole on Friday accused the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki of orchestrating crisis in the State… June 23, 2019 In "News" Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. By Ozioruva Aliu BENIN CITY – A former Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo state, Godwin Erhahon Saturday opined that Edo state governor, Godwin Obaseki was on a suicide mission with his continued fight with his successor and national Chairman… January 19, 2020 In "News" Former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), John Odigie-Oyegun, has accused his successor, Adams Oshiomhole, of engaging in anti-party activities by creating distractions for Edo state governor, Godwin Obaseki and heightening the tension in Edo State with his activities against the Governor. Reacting to the decision of the… June 23, 2019 In "News"