Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off saw Chelsea travel to Newcastle United. The Blues have been much more effective away from Stamford Bridge this term and a win for Chelsea did seem the more likely outcome on Saturday. However, Frank Lampard’s side would struggle to penetrate a resilient Newcastle defence. Chelsea had 70 percent of the possession vs the Magpies but they were unable to make that dominance count. Newcastle would then go on to nick a 1-0 victory in second-half injury time. Isaac Hayden’s glancing header in the 94th minute ensured Chelsea left St James’ Park without a single point. The North East outfit are now 12th in the PL, seven points clear of the bottom three. And while a 1-0 victory over Chelsea is a big positive for Newcastle, they were dealt one blow on Saturday. Jetro Willems has been a key figure for Newcastle this term, notching up 19 PL appearances. However, the full-back was stretchered off just 12 minutes into Newcastle’s win over Chelsea. 12′ Jetro Willems has to be stretchered off and will be replaced by Matt Ritchie. Speedy recovery, @JetroWillems_15. [0-0] #NEWCHE | #NUFC — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Steve Bruce has since provided an update on the full-back and it doesn’t sound too positive: “It looks a horrendous injury for Jetro, which is a big blow to us. It doesn’t look great with Paul Dummett either so in that area in particular, all of a sudden, within four or five days we’ve got a problem. “We fear it’s his cruciate. “We’re due a bit of luck. I’ve never known anything quite like it over the last few weeks so we’re due.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. See also: Liverpool & Chelsea going head-to-head for Timo Werner – Mirror Brendan Rodgers gives update on Ben Chilwell as defender misses Leicester’s clash with Burnley Source: Great Goals Newcastle edge past Crystal Palace Newcastle played host to Crystal Palace on Saturday afternoon. The Magpies good run of form came to an end last weekend when they were dealt a 1-0 loss at the hands of Burnley. However, Steve Bruce’s side were back to winning ways this week. Crystal… December 22, 2019 In "Sports" Newcastle held by Rochdale Newcastle’s 2019/20 FA Cup campaign began on Saturday the 4th of January. The Magpies have had a fairly torrid time in the FA Cup in recent years with Newcastle not making it past the 4th round since the 2005/06 campaign. However, the Newcastle faithful may have… January 4, 2020 In "Sports" Wolves vs Newcastle Newcastle will travel to Wolves on Saturday as they look to put an end to their poor run of form. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here. The Magpies’ league form has been rather concerning of late with Steve Bruce’s side losing four… January 10, 2020 In "Sports"