As confirmed across social media this evening, Liverpool youngster Rhian Brewster is on the verge of joining Championship outfit Swansea City on loan. 19-year-old striker Brewster has long been regarded as one of the finest young talents on the books of Liverpool. The teen made the move to Merseyside from Chelsea in 2014, and has since gone on to shine at youth level for the Reds. Despite his unquestionable talent and eye for goal, though, Brewster has struggled to carve out any meaningful playing-time for himself at senior level. While he is a regular feature in Jurgen Klopp’s squad, the presence of the likes of Roberto Firmino, Divock Origi and even fellow starlet Curtis Jones have seen the English U21 international restricted to just 3 first-team appearances to this point in the current campaign. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 30: Rhian Brewster of Liverpool is held back by Dani Ceballos and Bukayo Saka of Arsenal during the Carabao Cup Round of 16 match between Liverpool and Arsenal at Anfield on October 30, 2019 in Liverpool, England. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) As such, it has come as little surprise to see Brewster tipped for a potential January exit from Anfield. At such a crucial point in the attacker’s fledgling career, he should really be racking up first-team football week in, week out. And, if the latest reports spreading across the English media this evening are to be believed, then his search for consistent game-time looks set to see Brewster make the move to the Championship imminently. As per the reliable Melissa Reddy, the Liverpool starlet is on the verge of completing a loan move to Swansea City. A full agreement has been reached between the clubs, with the transfer expected to be made official tomorrow. That was quick! Told a resolution has been reached and Rhian Brewster will undergo his medical and finalise his loan switch to Swansea tomorrow https://t.co/4SGNTUGly8 https://t.co/Jq3h4hnpns — Melissa Reddy (@MelissaReddy_) January 6, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Virgil van Dijk takes to Twitter to celebrate Liverpool’s win over Everton Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup semi-final first leg match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Brewster set for loan spell? Rhian Brewster is a product of Liverpool’s youth system. The now 19-year-old has been a standout star for Liverpool’s under-23 side, scoring 13 and assisting 10 in 28 games. Brewster is also a regular feature for England’s youth sides, racking up 23 appearances for the… November 24, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool U23 3 – Derby U23 3 While Liverpool’s senior side beat Newcastle 3-1 on Saturday, the club’s U23s drew 3-3 with Derby County. Liverpool found the target thanks to goals from Elijah Dixon-Bonner, Curtis Jones and a Derby own goal. Reds goalie Ben Winterbottom also saved a penalty in… September 15, 2019 In "Sports" Harry Wilson and Rhian Brewster score for Liverpool, who lose their first pre-season tour game against Jurgen Klopp's former club Borussia Dortmund. Source: BBC Sport July 20, 2019 In "Sports"