CANDIDATE of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Senator Christopher Ekpenyong has again defeated Senator Godswill Akpabio of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the January, 25, 2020 re-run election for Akwa Ibom Northwest Senatorial district, held in Essien Udim Local Government Council. Ekpenyong of the PDP polled a total of 134, 717 votes, while Akpabio polled a total of 83, 820 votes. Recall that Akpabio had before the re-run announced his withdrawal from the contest. INEC Returning Officers, Professor Idara  Akpabio, announced the House of Representatives result, Professor Robert Dode announced the result for Senate election Re-run, while Prof Victor Ebong announced the State Assembly result. However, the votes indicated that senator Akpabio who is currently the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs won Ekpenyong only in his own ward, Ukana West ward2 with a total of 762 votes, while Ekpenyong polled a total of 620 votes. And for the House of Representatives seat, Nsikak Ekong of the PDP won with a total of 45, 366 votes, while Emman Akpan of APC polled a total of 22,759. Similarly, for the State Assembly Re-run poll, Esse Umoh of the PDP won with a total of 18, 999 votes while Nse Ntuen of the APC scored 7,108 votes. Ekpenyong, in his reaction shortly after being declared winner of the election by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Returning officer, described his victory as an ‘Act of God.’ “I thank God the giver of victory for seeing me through the entire political debacle since September, 2018. My victory has put agents of darkness to shame.” The successful candidates are just waiting the formal declaration of the results by the Resident Electoral Commissioner, REC. Meantime, REC, Akwa Ibom State Mr. Mike Igini has expressed satisfaction over the successful conduct as well as conclusion of the re-run elections in Essien Udim LGA, despite the extremely difficult situation. Igini who made the assertion in a statement, made available to newsmen in Uyo,  said, “The INEC, in Akwa Ibom State, hereby, announces the conclusion of the court- ordered Senatorial/Federal and State constituencies rerun elections scheduled for Saturday 25th January 2020.’’ Vanguard The post Akwa Ibom Re-run: Ekpenyong wins again appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard …as PDP also cleared House of Reps, State Assembly seats Sen. Godswill Akpabio, Minister of Niger Delta Affairs CANDIDATE of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Senator Christopher Ekpenyong has again defeated Senator Godswill Akpabio of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the January 25, 2020 re-run election for Akwa Ibom… January 26, 2020 In "News" *****God gave us victory against our opponents, Senator Ekpeyong Peoples Democratic Party By Harris Emanuel & Chioma Onuegbu People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has won in the rerun polls in Essien Udim Council of Akwa Ibom State into the Senate, House of Representatives and State House of Assembly respectively. Elated Senator-elect… January 26, 2020 In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announcedÂ Christopher Stephen Ekpenyong, candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) as the winner ofÂ  Saturday’s Senatorial election conducted inAkwa Ibom North Senatorial District. According to the results announced by the Resident Electoral Commission (REC) andÂ Returning Officer in the state,Â Professor Peter Ogban,Â the PDP candidate… February 26, 2019 In "News"