Ladipoe is the Lord of the Revival. The artiste, born Ladipo Eso, is a rapper who more than not, delves into a unique lane via his artistry. He’s famously declared his style as “lifelines,” and shuns the traditional gbas gbos of punchline rap. Ladipoe | Twitter “His flow, calmly steered, dips in and out of pockets in the Spax beat. His tonal accentuation varies with each bar. It’s like a vehicle filled with tourists which slows down at designated spots so the passengers can pick details of the life outside and Ladipoe is the grey haired driver with quips and an astounding knowledge of the city.” — “An ode to Lifelines“ Ladipoe started the Revival Sunday series (a new song every Sunday) in December 2019. So far, he’s released three songs, starting with “Providence.” Yesterday, he put out the fourth song, “Revival Mode.” The song is produced by Doozy Beatz and features Victony, a rapper who impressed the LOTR with his “Triple Homicide” submission. Stream “Revival Mode” here The post Ladipoe Shares Fourth Song “Revival Mode” Off The ‘Revival Sunday’ Series | Stream & Download appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Ladipoe Shares New Track ‘Providence’ – Notjustok Ladipoe has announced “Revival Sunday,” a just-begun musical serving on the first day of every week. The Mavin rapper, who fancies himself ‘The Lord of the Revival,’ released the first song, ‘Providence’ yesterday (15th December). The rapper, who is no doubt one of… December 18, 2019 In "Music/Video" LadiPoe Are you aware that Simi can rap? Well, Mavin Records rapper, LadiPoe is of the opinion that Nigerian singer/ songwriter, Simi, is an amazing rapper who still doesn’t believe it. This remark was made during his lyrics breakdown session on NotjustVerses by NotjustokTV. The singer, while breaking down this… August 9, 2019 In "Music/Video" LadiPoe is back with his Revival Sunday series, he joins force with Dami Oniru for this latest session tagged “Slippin’ Away”. Leader Of The (Fuvking) Revival #LOTR, LadiPoe serves us another impressive sunday session titled “Slippin’ Away“. On this record he employs the services of talented female singer, Dami Oniru… January 3, 2020 In "Music/Video"