Liverpool star Adam Lallana has today provided a brief update on his future at Anfield, assuring that he intends to continue giving his all for the club, despite the English international’s contract situation. 31-year-old attacking midfielder/winger Lallana endured a hugely-frustrating last couple of years on Merseyside. Following his most-productive campaign to date for the Reds in the 2016/17 season, during which he racked up 8 goals and 7 assists in the Premier League, a number of injury problems saw Lallana manage just a solitary league start over the course of the ensuing season. And the English international’s fortunes did not exactly improve much last time out. An early-season groin problem, coupled with the summer arrivals of the likes of Naby Keita and Xherdan Shaqiri at Anfield, saw Lallana manage just 5 league starts all season. After again struggling for time on the pitch early this campaign, though, the former Southampton man has begun to showcase signs of life over recent months. Lallana netted a crucial equaliser after being introduced off the bench during Liverpool’s 1-1 draw at Manchester United back in October, before bagging an assist in the Reds’ incredible comeback victory over Arsenal in the League Cup. Adam Lallana celebrates after scoring during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Liverpool FC at Old Trafford. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) As such, he was subsequently rewarded with his first Premier League start of the season early in November, and has since gone on to play a key role in Jurgen Klopp’s squad. This has led to questions regarding whether or not Lallana could yet carve out an extended future for himself at Anfield. The veteran’s current deal is set to expire this summer, with no indication as of yet as to what Lallana’s plans are. As such, during a recent appearance on Off The Ball, the 31-year-old was inevitably drawn on his future. Lallana, though, was keen to play down the significance of his expiring deal, assuring that ‘there’s not a chance that that will affect my commitment to the club’: ‘It’s easy to keep working. I’m enjoying playing for the best team in the world. It’s as simple as that.’ ‘Whatever my contract situation is, that will be going on in the background. There’s not a chance that that will affect my commitment to this club.’ Lallana, though, also went on to cast doubt over his future at Anfield, explaining: ‘I have given 110 per cent throughout my Liverpool career and will continue to do so, whether that finishes at the end of the season or whether that continues.’ ‘It’s a great squad, a great bunch of lads and I couldn’t be enjoying my football any more.’ Jurgen Klopp provides latest on Naby Keita/Chances of January signing Minamino featuring vs Everton Espanyol vs Barcelona live streaming: Watch La Liga online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this evening revealed that neither he, nor anyone else at the club, are aware of Adam Lallana’s plans beyond next summer. Liverpool stint 31-year-old attacking midfielder/winger Lallana has endured a hugely-frustrating last couple of years on Merseyside. Following his most-productive campaign to date for the… November 4, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool's players pose before the UEFA Champions League Group C second-leg football match between Red Star Belgrade and Liverpool FC at the Rajko Mitic Stadium in Belgrade on November 6, 2018. (Photo by Andrej ISAKOVIC / AFP)Adam Lallana admits Liverpool's players must take the blame for their Champions League woes… November 8, 2018 In "News" Former Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho this evening took aim at current Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with a typically-ruthless jibe. United vs Liverpool Solskjaer’s men welcomed historic rivals Liverpool to Old Trafford a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings in… October 20, 2019 In "Sports"