Emerson’s stint with Chelsea hasn’t been the most fruitful. The Italian joined the London outfit in January of 2018 when Antonio Conte was at the helm. Chelsea are said to have paid somewhere in the region of £18m for the full-back. But despite Emerson arriving when Conte was in charge, the Italian boss hardly played the former Roma man. Conte left Stamford Bridge at the end of the 2017/18 campaign, giving him around six months with Emerson. And in the second half of the 2017/18 season, Conte gave Emerson just five Premier League outings, only three of which came as a starter. Maurizio Sarri then took the reins at Chelsea the following season with Emerson once again playing a bit of a fringe role. Emerson would make just 10 league appearances last season, playing second fiddle to Marcos Alonso at left-back. The 25-year-old’s fortunes did appear to have changed when Frank Lampard stepped into the Chelsea dugout this season. Emerson looked to be Lampard’s first-choice left-back at the beginning of the campaign but in recent weeks, Emerson is once again finding his role somewhat reduced. Emerson has not featured in four of Chelsea’s last seven Premier League ties. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 09: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea gives his team instructions during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on November 09, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Darren Walsh/Chelsea FC via Getty Images) Emerson’s current deal with Chelsea runs until 2022. But could the defender be set for a return to Italy in the near future? According to the Mirror, citing Italian outlet Calciomercato: ‘Juventus have reportedly been in contact with Chelsea over a potential move for Emerson Palmieri. ‘And Calciomercato report that Juve are hopeful of completing a deal for the Italian in January.’ Would Emerson want a move to Juventus though? Sarri is now in charge of the Serie A champions and given the Italian didn’t play Emerson in the PL too much when he was managing the Blues, perhaps Emerson may think twice before re-joining Sarri. See also: Arsenal vs Leeds United betting tips: FA Cup third round match preview & predictions The latest on Arsenal’s Sead Kolasinac ahead of Leeds clash Source: Great Goals Emerson’s Chelsea stint Emerson joined Chelsea in January of 2018 from Serie A outfit, AS Roma. The Blues are believed to have paid around £18m for Emerson’s services. However, despite being signed when Antonio Conte was Chelsea boss, the then Chelsea manager hardly played his new signing. In the second… September 8, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea impressing under Lampard When Frank Lampard took the reins at Chelsea most people probably didn’t expect the former midfielder to do so well. Chelsea were hit with a transfer ban early in the year, meaning Lampard couldn’t bring his own players in over the summer. The FIFA Disciplinary Committee… November 20, 2019 In "Sports" Fernando Garcia, agent of Roma defender Emerson Palmieri has claimed that the Italian club are in talks with Chelsea over a possible move for the Italy international. The Blues have been linked with several left-backs in recent months – with Juventus’ Alex Sandro a prime target but his club’s asking… January 18, 2018 In "Sports"