Watford were this afternoon dealt a blow on the injury front, during the club’s meeting with Tottenham. Nigel Pearson’s men welcomed the Lilywhites to Vicarage Road a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. The hosts headed into proceedings brimming with confidence, on the back of a remarkable upturn in form since Nigel Pearson’s appointment. Watford had secured 4 wins and a draw from the club’s last 5 league outings before today, a run which had seen the Hornets jump from dead bottom of the English top-flight table to 17th in a matter of weeks. And, when all was said and done this afternoon, Pearson’s outfit climbed another spot clear of the relegation zone, courtesy of a credible 0-0 draw. A feisty affair at Vicarage Road saw both sides go close over the course of the 90 minutes, with Troy Deeney having seen his 2nd-half spot-kick well saved by Paulo Gazzaniga, and Erik Lamela having come within millimetres of snatching all 3 points for Spurs at the death. However, in the end, a share of the spoils was, on the balance of play, probably a fair result. 93 – Watford 0-0 Spurs ended a run of 93 Premier League games without a goalless draw for Tottenham, the second longest run in the competition’s history (Man Utd, 114 games ending May 2002). Stalemate. #WATTOT — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js An otherwise largely-positive day for Watford, however, was soured somewhat by a blow on the personnel front. With just minutes remaining in the clash, Ismaila Sarr, who was arguably the hosts’ most dangerous player this afternoon, pulled up after tracking back into his own half, before going to ground clutching his hamstring. And, after being tended to by the Hornets’ medical team, the explosive wide-man was eventually forced off, to be replaced by January signing Ignacio Pussetto. We’re forced into a late change and it’s time for a debut… ⬅️ Sarr
➡️ Pussetto ⏱️ 89’
⚽ 0-0#WATTOT — Watford Football Club (@WatfordFC) January 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Watford now face an anxious wait to discover the extent of Sarr’s issue, with an update likely to be forthcoming over the next 48 hours. Tottenham continue to struggle without Kane as they earn rare clean sheet vs Watford Newcastle vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals