MusicTime! Top 10 Songs Of The Week is back and we are excited to begin the new year with keeping you abreast of the currently trending songs in Nigeria. We bring to you the MTN MusicTime! top 10 songs of the past seven days so you could update your playlist and enjoy what many others have been enjoying in the past week in terms of good Nigerian music. In the list below, Joeboy and Fireboy have proven they are here to stay as they both have two great songs on the chart that are rubbing shoulders with the likes of Davido and Naira Marley’s songs. Our team of music experts and enthusiasts at MusicTime! have put credibility and merit as the paddle to arriving at the decision that birthed the list below. You can also enjoy all the songs on the list on MusicTime! too This publication is brought to you by MusicTime! powered by MTN. You can download on the Google Play Store to enjoy these amazing music. Is your favourite track on the list? Do let us know in the comment section below The post Music Time! Top 10 Nigerian Songs Of The Week (Wk 2) Source: Too Xclusive MusicTime! Top 10 Songs Of The Week is back and we are excited to begin the new year with keeping you abreast of the currently trending songs in Nigeria. We bring to you the  MTN MusicTime! top 10 songs of the past seven days so you could update your playlist… January 10, 2020 In "Music/Video" How ‘Detty’ did your Detty get? Our sources say you upgraded your wardrobe in preparation for the yuletide, different outfits for different parties, right? Don’t worry, we know you did not disappoint. We bet December didn’t know what was coming! Unku, Hanty! We are pleased to inform you that you… January 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" The year 2019 recorded lot of hit songs from our favourite artistes and definitely the new guys that broke into the industry with their outstanding songs. Burna Boy, Naira Marley, Davido, Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, Zlatan among other top artistes all blessed the year with great releases. Giving us hits back… January 27, 2020 In "Music/Video"