As per a report from the Daily Mail, Arsenal have joined north London rivals Tottenham in the hunt to sign Norwich City star Max Aarons. 20-year-old right-back Aarons made the move to Carrow Road in 2016, from Luton Town. And, after impressing in the youth ranks of the Canaries, Aarons was fast-tracked into the club’s first-team setup last season. The explosive stopper subsequently went on to play a key role in Norwich’s return to the Premier League, racking up 2 goals and 6 assists across 41 Championship appearances in 2018/19. And his fine displays have since carried into the English top-flight, as Aarons’ reputation as a potential star in the making continues to grow. To this point in the campaign, the youngster has started in all but 2 of Norwich’s 21 league outings. Norwich City’s Max Aarons has a shot on goal during the Premier League match at Carrow Road, Norwich. (Photo by Joe Giddens/PA Images via Getty Images) However, with Daniel Farke’s outfit languishing dead bottom of the Premier League table, and staring relegation in the face, rumours have inevitably begun to circulate that Aarons could soon be snapped up by one of English football’s heavyweights. And, as per the aforementioned report from the Mail, a new suitor appear to have entered the race for the stopper. The club in question? Arsenal. Those in charge at the Emirates are said to be concerned that Hector Bellerin is no longer the player he once was, after returning from a long-term knee injury earlier this season. LEICESTER, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 09: Hector Bellerin of Arsenal during the Premier League match between Leicester City and Arsenal FC at The King Power Stadium on November 09, 2019 in Leicester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) As such, Mikel Arteta has identified Aarons as an ideal long-term replacement for the Spaniard. Norwich, though, will not allow their gifted young defender to depart Carrow Road on the cheap. A fee of around £30 million is likely to be required to coax the Canaries into a sale this month. As things stand, however, it is Arsenal’s north London rivals Tottenham who are said to lead the race for Aarons. Espanyol vs Barcelona live streaming: Watch La Liga online, preview, prediction and odds Arsenal reportedly lead race for Juventus’ Merih Demiral Source: Great Goals Norwich’s Max Aarons is injured Max Aarons finished the night with a protective boot on his left leg. The Norwich City right-back, 19, was subbed out of England U21’s win over Kosovo last night. Aarons was forced out of the game following a goal-saving block. Despite his injury, the Norwich… September 10, 2019 In "Sports" An explanation for the VAR ruling that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s missed penalty versus Norwich had to be retaken has emerged online. Arsenal’s Emery-less era begins Arsenal are currently locked in action with Norwich City at Carrow Road. The clash came as the Gunners’ first on the back of Unai Emery’s long-anticipated… December 1, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal held by Norwich Arsenal’s first game of the post-Unai Emery era saw them travel to Norwich on Sunday. Freddie Ljungberg would be the man in the Arsenal dugout at Carrow Road after he was appointed interim boss on Friday. Ljungberg probably couldn’t have asked for a much easier tie… December 1, 2019 In "Sports"