Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 22 kicks off on Friday the 10th of January at 8:00 pm UK time, when Sheffield United play host to West Ham. Gameweek 22 will end on Sunday the 12th of January, with Manchester City traveling to Aston Villa So, all of your transfers for GW22 need to be done by 7:00 pm UK time on Friday. But if you are struggling to choose who to sign and who to sell this week, here are some tips. Sergio Aguero looks to be finally returning to full fitness for Manchester City. The Argentine missed four PL games for City at the back end of 2019 before eventually returning vs Leicester in GW18. Aguero then managed 13 minutes vs Wolves and 80 minutes vs Sheffield United. Aguero has since been rested in City’s last two ties, the latest of which Aguero was on the bench for as City hammered Manchester United in the League Cup. So, given Aguero looks to be injury-free and well-rested, he could well start vs Aston Villa this weekend. Dean Smith’s side are currently in the midst of a relegation battle and have the third-worst defence in the English top-flight. Meaning, if Aguero does start, there is a good chance he will score vs Villa. Liverpool are set to take on Tottenham this game week. While Spurs have improved their results a bit under Jose Mourinho, one area the North London outfit continue to struggle with is their defence. Spurs have kept just one clean sheet in the nine Premier League games Mourinho has taken charge of. So, given Liverpool have netted 49 goals in just 20 league outings this term, there is a good chance the Reds will find the back of the net vs the Lilywhites. As a result, you probably want a Liverpool player in your side this week. The best option is probably Sadio Mane. The Liverpool winger has scored 11 and assisted eight in the PL this campaign and is the second-best midfielder on FPL. Manchester United will go head-to-head with Norwich City this weekend. After a poor first half of the 2019/20 campaign, Norwich sit dead bottom of the English top-flight and are staring the Championship in the face. The Canaries also currently possess the worst defensive record in the PL, letting in 41 goals in 21 games. So, with Norwich in such dire form and Man United typically better at home this term, you probably want a United attacker in your side for GW22. Marcus Rashford is the 3rd best forward on FPL and is probably your best option for a Man United pick. Rashford has scored 12 and assisted five in the league so far this season and often takes United’s penalties. Manchester United’s Marcus Rashford scores his side’s second goal of the game with a free kick during the Carabao Cup, Fourth Round match at Stamford Bridge, London. (Photo by John Walton/PA Images via Getty Images) After a slightly slow start to the season, Christian Pulisic began to find his feet around GW10. However, the American’s form has once again dipped off of late. In fact, in his last seven Premier League outings, Pulisic has not registered a single goal or assist. So, you may be better served selling the midfielder for some like Mason Mount, who is cheaper than Pulisic and has more points. Or, if you wish to replace Pulisic with a midfielder not from Chelsea, someone like Jack Grealish or Ayoze Perez could be good, cheap options. MOENCHENGLADBACH, GERMANY – AUGUST 03: Christian Pulisic of FC Chelsea looks on during the pre-season friendly match between Borussia Moenchengladbach and FC Chelsea at Borussia-Park on August 3, 2019 in Moenchengladbach, Germany. (Photo by TF-Images/Getty Images) Whilst Arsenal look to be improving under Mikel Arteta, Alexandre Lacazette has still yet to rediscover his top form. The Frenchman has scored five and assisted two in the PL this season, which isn’t great. But more concerning is the fact Lacazette has scored just one and provided no assists in his last six Premier League appearances for the Gunners. And with a price-tag of 9.3, that sort of return just simply isn’t good enough. So, you would probably be better served selling Lacazette and signing someone like Raul Jimenez or Tammy Abraham. SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 21: Alexandre Lacazette of Arsenal reacts at the full time whistle during the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Arsenal FC at Bramall Lane on October 21, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) The final player you could look to sell this game week is Toby Alderweireld. As already mentioned above, Spurs have kept just one league clean sheet under Mourinho. But Spurs’ defensive woes look even worse when you look at the entirety of the season. In 21 league ties this season, the North London outfit have kept a dismal two clean sheets. As a result, you should look to sell any Spurs defender you own. See also: Sheffield United vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Norwich betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Leicester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 14 kicks off on Saturday the 30th of November at 12:30 pm UK time when Newcastle play host to Manchester City. Gameweek 14 will end on Sunday the 1st of December, with Everton traveling to Leicester and Manchester United hosting Aston Villa. So, all of your… November 29, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 11 kicks off on Saturday the 2nd of November at 12:30 pm UK time when Bournemouth play host to Manchester United Gameweek 11 will end on Sunday the 3rd of November, with Everton traveling to Tottenham So, all of your transfers for GW11 need to be… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 6 kicks off on Friday the 20th of September at 8:00 pm UK time, when Southampton play host to Bournemouth. Gameweek 6 will end on Sunday the 22nd of September, with Aston Villa traveling to Arsenal and Chelsea hosting Liverpool. So, all of your transfers for… September 20, 2019 In "Sports"