Ole Gunnar Solskjaer claimed Manchester United’s dreadful defeat to Burnley was not “a fair reflection” of his players as they were “mentally” drained 10 days out from a mid-season break. United are fifth in the Premier League but remain six points behind fourth-placed Chelsea after slumping to a shocking 2-0 loss to Burnley at Old Trafford. Chris Wood and Jay Rodriguez got the visitors’ goals, while United, after passing up promising first-half chances, scarcely threatened a fightback. Manager Solskjaer does not want United to wallow in the aftermath of the loss, yet he believes his players are struggling. They face Watford or Tranmere Rovers in the FA Cup on Sunday, before an EFL Cup semi-final second leg against rivals Manchester City – who lead 3-1 on aggregate – and a Premier League clash with Wolves. United can then enjoy a mid-season break before returning to action at Chelsea on February 17. “For us, we’ve just got to stick to our values, stick to our beliefs, knowing it’s no use feeling sorry for yourself,” Solskjaer told a news conference. “You know you’ve got to go out there tomorrow, the day after, getting ready for Sunday. “We know we’ve had X amount of games since the beginning of December and they are very stretched. Some of these have probably played more than they should have and expected. “More mentally than physically, I think, they need the mid-season break. So we just need to get over that line, get these three games not out of the way but look forward to Sunday. “FA Cup against who knows who still. There’s a chance then to get some belief back.” Solskjaer added United have sporadically been “fantastic” but the Burnley game was an indication of “where we’re at” in terms of squad depth, with Paul Pogba, Scott McTominay and Marcus Rashford all out. “I wouldn’t say today was a fair reflection on this group and the season they’ve been through,” he said. “They’ve done fantastic at times. “Of course, I can’t sit here and do anything but hold my hands up and say that’s not good enough for Manchester United. “But that’s where we’re at at the moment in terms of players. It’s not like we had 10 players on the bench we could have rotated. They’ve played and they’ve done fantastic.” Source: Football 365 Vanguard News The post Man United mentally need a mid-season break ― Solskjaer appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Man United fail to score at Bournemouth Manchester United headed to Bournemouth in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Manchester powerhouse were going in search of their 4th straight away victory across all competitions. Their previous outing saw them knock Chelsea out of the League Cup. Despite their decent form… November 3, 2019 In "Sports" Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided an update on Marcus Rashford’s fitness, after the English international was left out of the club’s squad to take on Liverpool. United visit Anfield The Red Devils are currently locked in action with Jurgen Klopp’s table-toppers, in a Premier League… January 19, 2020 In "Sports"