Aston Villa took on Brighton on Saturday afternoon. Villa began the day sat in the relegation zone but after 17th place Watford dropped points earlier in the day, the Lions had a great chance to move out of the bottom three. Dean Smith’s side were unable to do so though as they drew 1-1 with Brighton. Leandro Trossard fired the Seagulls into the lead with 38 minutes on the clock. And that strike looked to have clinched all three points for Brighton. But Jack Grealish would once again step up for Villa, equalising in the 75th minute to earn a point for the relegation-battling outfit. The Brighton clash once again saw Villa line up without a recognised centre-forward. Villa would lose their main striker Wesley at the beginning of this year with the Brazilian ruled out for the remainder of the campaign. The Club can confirm that Tom Heaton and Wesley both suffered significant knee ligament damage during our match with Burnley on Wednesday and will now miss the rest of the season. #AVFC — Aston Villa (@AVFCOfficial) January 3, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, it appears Aston Villa are edging closer to adding some much-needed firepower up top. Speaking after Saturday’s tie, Villa boss Dean Smith claimed they are getting close to completing a deal for Mbwana Samatta: “We’re getting very close. I think the paperwork is just being ticked off with Samatta. “If we can get that done, we’ll be really pleased because he’s a good player and on top of that, he’s a really good character as well.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. Samatta is currently plying his trade in the Jupiler Pro League with Genk. And in 28 outings across all competitions for the Belgian outfit this term, Samatta has scored 10 and assisted two. See also: Liverpool & Chelsea going head-to-head for Timo Werner – Mirror Brendan Rodgers gives update on Ben Chilwell as defender misses Leicester’s clash with Burnley Source: Great Goals As per a report from Sky Sports News, Aston Villa are inching towards the signing of Genk striker Mbwana Samatta. Villa’s struggles Dean Smith’s Villa have endured a difficult campaign back in the Premier League to date. The Villans currently occupy the final of the English top-flight’s relegation spots, and… January 16, 2020 In "Sports" Wolves see off Aston Villa Aston Villa and Wolves faced off for the second time this campaign on Sunday. The two sides had previously met at Villa Park in the League Cup with Dean Smith’s men emerging victorious. But the roles would be reversed this time around at Molineux. Wolves… November 11, 2019 In "Sports" Wolves vs Aston Villa Wolves and Aston Villa are currently going head-to-head at Molineux. Wolves began the day 14th in the Premier League but in pretty decent form. Nuno Santo’s side were unbeaten in their previous five PL ties prior to Sunday, including a 2-0 victory over Manchester City. As… November 10, 2019 In "Sports"