Reports stemming from Spain this evening suggest that former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has emerged as the front-runner to take the place of under-fire Barcelona boss Ernesto Valverde. Valverde’s Barca are currently in the midst of a poor spell of form. The Blaugrana have managed just a solitary win from their last 5 outings across all competitions. Their latest defeat, meanwhile, came on Thursday night, at the hands of Atletico Madrid. After stuttering to a 2-2 draw with bottom of the table Espanyol in La Liga last weekend, the Catalan giants were subsequently ousted from the Spanish Super Cup by Diego Simeone’s men in spectacular fashion 3 days ago. Barca had actually taken a 2-goal lead in the clash, and looked well on their way to the competition’s showpiece. However, a late collapse eventually saw Atleti overturn their deficit, to emerge with a 3-2 victory. As such, on the back of yet another disappointing result, speculation surrounding the future of Ernesto Valverde has inevitably begun to mount. Ernesto Valverde during the La Liga match between Levante UD and FC Barcelona at Estadi Ciutat de Valencia. (Photo by Alex Caparros/Getty Images) Despite still sitting joint-top of the La Liga table, and having secured their spot in the knockout rounds of the Champions League, Barcelona have looked some way short of their best throughout the campaign. Large sections of the Spanish champions’ fanbase have long lost patience with their side’s boss, with the majority now seemingly in favour of a change at the helm at the Camp Nou. And, as per a report from Spanish outlet RAC1 this evening, such supporters could soon have their wishes granted. This comes amid claims that those in charge at the Camp Nou have identified their no.1 option to replace Ernesto Valverde on the club’s bench. The tactician in question? Mauricio Pochettino. Blaugrana legend Xavi is said to have turned down the opportunity to take over the reins at the Camp Nou, as the Spaniard continues to work on his managerial talents in Qatar. As such, the Barcelona hierarchy have been forced to look elsewhere, with Pochettino now seemingly viewed as ‘the main candidate’. ‼️ NOTÍCIA @EsportsRAC1 Mauricio POCHETTINO és el principal candidat per fer-se càrrec de la banqueta del Barça després del no de Xavi. #frac1 pic.twitter.com/yRJtWDh6gq — El Barça juga a RAC1 (@FCBRAC1) January 12, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js RAC’s report comes despite Pochettino having previously ruled out the possibility of taking over at Barca, due to his Espanyol past. Barcelona looking for new striker in wake of Luis Suarez’s injury – Standard  Source: Great Goals Reports stemming from Spain this evening have suggested that Barcelona are considering Mauricio Pochettino as a potential replacement for Ernesto Valverde. Barca held The Blaugrana returned to action following the Christmas break last night. Valverde’s men visited Catalan rivals Espanyol, for a derby La Liga clash. The visitors entered proceedings… January 5, 2020 In "Sports" Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has today moved to assure that the club remain fully behind under-fire manager Ernesto Valverde. Barca struggles Spanish champions Barcelona have endured a somewhat-perplexing start to the season. The Blaugrana currently sit 2nd in the La Liga table, a point adrift of early leaders Real… November 9, 2019 In "Sports" Granada 2-Barcelona 0 Barcelona would travel to Granada for their 5th La Liga tie of the season on Saturday. While Lionel Messi remained absent, Barca still had a pretty strong squad out that featured the likes of Luis Suarez and Antoine Griezmann. Despite this, Barca would come away with a… September 22, 2019 In "Sports"