As per a report from Miguel Delaney of the Independent, Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is eager to add an attacking midfielder to his squad during this month’s transfer window. The Red Devils visited the Emirates last night, for a Premier League meeting with Arsenal. United headed into the clash brimming with confidence, on the back of a fine recent spell of form, which had seen the Manchester giants down Newcastle and Burnley in comprehensive fashion in their previous two outings. When all was said and done in north London 24 hours ago, however, they were brought firmly back down to earth. An altogether sub-par performance on United’s part was met by a superb display from Arsenal, eventually resulting in the latter emerging with a 2-0 win. As alluded to above, Manchester United were essentially outplayed in every area of the pitch last night. Perhaps the most glaring issues for the Red Devils, though, were in the middle of the park. In the absence of both Scott McTominay and Paul Pogba, Solskjaer opted for a midfield trio of Nemanja Matic, Fred and Jesse Lingard. All 3 struggled badly at the Emirates, though it was Lingard who was singled out by many for the heaviest criticism. The English international’s job was to link his side’s midfield to attack. However, Lingard, as he did throughout 2019, simply failed to provide the kind of spark expected of a player given a free role for a club like United. 28 games. 0 goals. 0 assists. Jesse Lingard ends 2019 without a direct goal involvement in the Premier League. pic.twitter.com/YbyESHFIUE — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 28, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, on the back of last night’s matchup, it has today come as little surprise to see the Old Trafford powerhouse once again tipped to move for attacking midfield reinforcements. As per the aforementioned report from the Independent, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has fast-tracked summer plans to bring in some much-needed creativity through the middle. This comes despite the fact that the United boss ‘remains conscious of the difficulty of getting the right player mid-season.’ Significantly, a pair of Premier League stars are named as the club’s ‘top choices’. These two come in the form of Leicester’s James Maddison, long-tipped to make the move to Manchester, and Aston Villa’s Jack Grealish. The latest on Paul Pogba surgery and impact on Man United’s January plans Will Paul Pogba ever play for Manchester United again? | Premier League Source: Great Goals