Nuno Espirito Santo this afternoon provided an update on the wellbeing of sidelined Wolves star Raul Jimenez. Mexican hitman Jimenez was of course involved in one of the more concerning moments of the Premier League campaign thus far, late last month. A trip to north London to face Arsenal saw the 29-year-old involved in a horrific clash of heads with David Luiz, a coming together which left Jimenez knocked out cold on the Emirates turf. After being stretchered from the pitch and taken to hospital, it was subsequently confirmed that the Wolves star had suffered a fractured skull. Messages of support quickly poured in, as fans and players alike came together to wish Jimenez a speedy recovery. As such, it no doubt brought a smile to the faces of football lovers across the globe last week when, in a post across their social media platforms, Wolves revealed a photo of Jimenez at the club’s training ground, gleefully embracing manager Nuno Espirito Santo: We had a special visitor at Compton Park yesterday morning… pic.twitter.com/v1o8waTqRl — Wolves (@Wolves) December 10, 2020 And, as outlined above, a further insight into the former Benfica man’s wellbeing has since been forthcoming on Monday. Speaking in a press conference ahead of his side’s Premier League meeting with Chelsea on Tuesday, Nuno Santo was drawn on Jimenez’s current state. And the Wolves boss went on to confirm that the Mexican international was at the club’s training base once again today, and could even accompany his teammates to Molineux in 24 hours’ time: Nuno confirms Raul Jimenez was @Wolves training ground again this morning but not sure if he will be at the match tomorrow. “He is improving. He was here today. Had breakfast and a walk around the pitch.He is free to come if he wants to but it is a medical decision.” — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) December 14, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.