The offensive struggles endured by Arsenal of late have this evening been perfectly summed up by an incredible statistic doing the rounds online. Mikel Arteta’s men are currently locked in action with Burnley at the Emirates. The Gunners headed into proceedings on the back of a comfortable midweek win, capping off a dominant Europa League group stage campaign which saw the capital giants secure 6 wins from 6. To say that their domestic form has not proven quite up to the same standard over recent weeks, though, would be putting it lightly. On the back of a promising opening to their Premier League season, Arsenal, before tonight, had managed just a solitary win in their last 7, a stretch which saw the north Londoners slip to a lowly 15th in the English top-flight. In turn, an all-out, must-win display was widely predicted ahead of kick-off on the part of the hosts this evening. To this point, though, Arsenal have, once again, simply failed to deliver. A flat opening hour at the Emirates sees the two sides locked at 0-0, with Alexandre Lacazette’s struggles in front of goal having continued in fluffing the Gunners’ best opportunity thus far: | “Lacazette will still be thinking about this miss!” Should #AFC have taken the lead here? Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #ARSBUR here: https://t.co/8DRN8rfYjR Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/xhr8wcdVri — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 13, 2020 And as outlined above, amid Arsenal’s continued woes in their attempts to find the net versus Burnley, a remarkable statistic has since perfectly summed up the situation. As revealed by the reliable Simon Stone of BBC Sport, having failed to notch over the course of the opening 45 minutes once again this evening, the Gunners have now managed a solitary first-half Premier League goal since the end of September: Arsenal have scored one first-half goal in PL since 28 Sept. — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) December 13, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.