Footage of sidelined Wolves striker Raul Jimenez in attendance at Molineux for his side’s Premier League meeting with Spurs has surfaced online this evening. Mexican hitman Jimenez was of course involved in one of the more concerning moments of the Premier League campaign thus far, late last month. A trip to north London to face Arsenal saw the 29-year-old involved in a horrific clash of heads with David Luiz, a coming together which left Jimenez knocked out cold on the Emirates turf. After being stretchered from the pitch and taken to hospital, it was subsequently confirmed that the Wolves star had suffered a fractured skull. Messages of support quickly poured in, as fans and players alike came together to wish Jimenez a speedy recovery. As such, it no doubt brought a smile to the faces of football lovers across the globe two weeks ago when, in a post across their social media platforms, Wolves revealed a photo of Jimenez at the club’s training ground, gleefully embracing manager Nuno Espirito Santo: We had a special visitor at Compton Park yesterday morning… pic.twitter.com/v1o8waTqRl — Wolves (@Wolves) December 10, 2020 And, as outlined above, the positive news regarding the Mexican international’s wellbeing has this evening continued to flow. Wolves are currently locked in Premier League action with Jose Mourinho’s high-flying Tottenham at Molineux. Bizarrely, Santo’s men managed to fall behind inside the opening 60 seconds of proceedings, after Tanguy Ndombele wrong-footed Rui Patricio from the edge of the area: A superb goal from Ndombele and Tottenham take the lead inside a minute! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #WOLTOT here: https://t.co/JF450xhHplDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/Pu7RmDF0aw — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 27, 2020 The scoreline, however, couldn’t possibly put a damper on the latest update surrounding Jimenez, who, ahead of kick-off this evening, was spotted at Molineux, for the first time since his horror accident last month: Raul Jimenez is in attendance to watch tonights Wolves game   pic.twitter.com/iUeLxXHoIG — Football Daily (@footballdaily) December 27, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.