Cristiano Ronaldo proved the star of the show on Tuesday, as Juventus put Barcelona to the sword in convincing fashion at the Camp Nou. The marquee fixture of the night in the Champions League came to a close a short time ago. Barca welcomed Juventus to Catalunya, for a crunch final day Group G clash. It was the hosts who headed into proceedings holding a clear advantage atop the table, 3 points clear, and having downed the Bianconeri by 2 goals to nil in Turin. In turn, Andrea Pirlo’s visitors were no doubt aware that a mammoth performance would be required, to shift the Blaugrana from top spot. When all was said and done at the Camp Nou, though, this is precisely what was forthcoming. A dominant Juve side, rarely seen over the early months of the campaign, eventually emerged on the right side of a 3-0 result. Cristiano Ronaldo put the Italian champions on their way inside the opening quarter of an hour, before Weston McKennie doubled the advantage 7 minutes later, volleying home from close range to close out a superb team move. Advantage Juve, advantage Ronaldo. Clinical from the spot pic.twitter.com/B6W8boxDpl — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 8, 2020 And Ronaldo was back at it again early in the 2nd-half, finishing from 12 yards once more to round out the evening’s scoring, guiding Juve beyond Barca to the top of Group G in the process. On the back of his latest Champions League haul, meanwhile, a number of remarkable statistics surrounding the production of the Bianconeri’s star man have since surfaced online. First, it was revealed that Ronaldo is now the only player in the competition’s history to have netted twice from the penalty spot versus Barcelona, in the same match: Cristiano Ronaldo is the first player in #UCL history to score two penalties vs. Barcelona in the same match  pic.twitter.com/4HaMEbuDlK — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 8, 2020 Ronaldo has also now managed a staggering 14 goals in his last 13 appearances at the Camp Nou: Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 14 goals in his last 13 games at Camp Nou pic.twitter.com/aziQtJBaja — B/R Football (@brfootball) December 8, 2020 Perhaps most noteworthy of all, though, is the fact that tonight marked the first time that the Portuguese icon has ever notched during a Champions League meeting with long-time rival Lionel Messi: “” Cristiano Ronaldo had never scored in his five Champions League games Barcelona with Lionel Messi on the pitch… Until tonight! pic.twitter.com/hIRoVgdPY0 — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 8, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.