Tottenham’s North London Derby victory on Sunday saw star attackers Harry Kane and Heung-min Son continue to climb more than one of the Premier League’s all-time duo lists. Spurs played host to Arsenal a little over 24 hours ago, in the weekend’s marquee Premier League fixture. The two sides of course headed into proceedings amid altogether contrasting recent spells of form, with the hosts having been aiming to take their place back atop the English top-flight, and the Gunners languishing in the bottom half of the table. As such, when all was said and done in the capital, it came as little surprise to see Jose Mourinho’s men emerge with all 3 points. Tottenham took the lead inside 15 minutes, when a moment of individual brilliance on the part of Heung-min Son saw the South Korean, laid on by Harry Kane, pick out the far corner of Bernd Leno’s net from distance: OH MY! WHAT A PEACH! Harry Kane and Son Heung-Min combine once again, and the finish is absolutely stunning from the South Korean. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #TOTARS here: https://t.co/pR3pSThJRE Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/quSjdyYR4T — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 6, 2020 And the evening’s scoring was rounded out on the stroke of the interval, when Son this time turned provider, teeing up strike partner Kane to lash home off the underside of the crossbar: SON  KANE  GOAL It’s that combination again! An emphatic finish from Harry Kane doubles Tottenham’s lead on the stroke of half-time. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #TOTARS here: https://t.co/pR3pSThJRE Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/WXD4igof9O — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 6, 2020 Whilst Sunday’s derby win, for obvious reasons, came as a significant one for all associated with Tottenham, it proved particularly special for the club’s two star attackers. As outlined above, Son and Kane combined for both of the Lilywhites’ goals versus Arsenal, proving themselves once again as the most lethal attacking duo in the Premier League at present. Not only that, but the pair took their combined goal contributions (one setting up the other) to 11 for the campaign in the English top-flight, carrying Kane and Son to a total of 31 across their time spent together in north London. This updated tally sees the duo now just 5 goals adrift of all-time leaders Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba in the same category, with it looking increasingly likely that Kane and Son will both catch and overtake the Chelsea legends over the weeks and months ahead. (The below stat was unveiled before Kane had found the net on Sunday): 30 – Son Heung-min and Harry Kane have now combined for 30 Premier League goals, the second most of any duo after Didier Drogba and Frank Lampard (36) – 10 of those goals have come in 2020-21. Partnership. pic.twitter.com/Mx9bathyVc — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 6, 2020 Further impressive stats surrounding the production of the Spurs pair are also showcased below: 8 – Only Stan Collymore (to Robbie Fowler) and Mike Newell (to Alan Shearer) – both 9 in 1995/96 – have provided more assists to a specific teammate in the same @premierleague season than Harry Kane has to Son Heung-Min so far in 2020/21 (8). Telepathy. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 6, 2020 11 – Only Alan Shearer and Chris Sutton (13 in 1995/96) & Ryan Fraser and Callum Wilson (12 in 2018/19) have combined for more Premier League goals in a season than Harry Kane and Son Heung-min this season (11). Synchronicity. pic.twitter.com/R8fSs08pWS — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 6, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.