Premier League giants Arsenal have this evening come under heavy criticism online, after Gabriel Martinelli was forced off during the club’s meeting with Manchester City. Mikel Arteta’s men are currently locked in action with the Sky Blues, in a League Cup quarter-final clash. The Gunners of course headed into proceedings in desperate need of a bounce-back result. After falling to their latest defeat at Everton over the weekend, Arsenal slipped to within 4 points of the Premier League relegation zone, amid mounting talk of a genuine crisis on the red half of north London. And, as things stand, things only look set to go from bad to worse for the capital giants. Manchester City currently lead by 3 goals to 1 at the Emirates, on course to take their spot in the League Cup’s last-8 at the expense of their hosts. Gabriel Jesus handed the Citizens the lead inside the opening 3 minutes, courtesy of a header from close range: That didn’t take long! Manchester City are ahead within three minutes, as Jesus nods it past Runarsson. This could be a long night for Arsenal. Watch live on Sky Sports Football Follow online here  https://t.co/OW4PIL91is pic.twitter.com/kuQm5NIsrc — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) December 22, 2020 Arsenal, to their credit, did manage to pull level with half an hour on the clock, when Gabriel Martinelli’s lofted ball across the face was nodded home by Alexandre Lacazette. City, however, have since showcased their evident superiority, retaking the lead early in the 2nd-half courtesy of a gift on the part of Gunners no.2 Alex Runarsson, before bagging a crucial 3rd shortly after, through Phil Foden: “It’s like a bar of soap.” Oh dear! Runarsson won’t want to see this one again. Mahrez’s free-kick goes straight through his hands. It’s a howler. Watch live on Sky Sports Football Follow online here  https://t.co/OW4PIL91is pic.twitter.com/eE6f2WfFx0 — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) December 22, 2020 Arsenal’s woes this evening, however, have not been restricted to the scoreline. As outlined above, Arteta and co. have also been dealt a concerning blow on the personnel front. Late in the opening 45, a long ball over the top of the City backline set Gabriel Martinelli free, with the Brazilian having looked all set to surge towards goal. Citizens shot-stopper Zack Steffen, though, had other ideas, emerging from his box with pace and intent to make an admittedly superb challenge, firmly shutting down Arsenal’s attack. On the back of Steffen’s clearance, it quickly became evident that Martinelli, who had been floored by the City backup, was in severe pain. The Brazilian was quickly tended to by the hosts’ medical team, all the while writhing in agony on the Emirates turf. With Martinelli having of course only recently returned from a lengthy spell on the sidelines, it therefore came as something of a surprise when the young attacker was granted permission to return to the fray. The half-time whistle, in turn, blew minutes later, with Martinelli having trudged off, with one of his socks stained with blood. Ankle issue for Martinelli by looks of it. https://t.co/5Lfgi2hGkF — Simon Collings (@sr_collings) December 22, 2020 And, upon the two sides reemerging following the interval, Arsenal’s struggling wide-man remained present alongside the rest of Mikel Arteta’s XI. It took just minutes, though, for Martinelli to once again go to ground, before finally being hauled off to be replaced by Nicolas Pepe: That’s our first substitution… Gabriel Martinelli Nicolas Pepe #CarabaoCup  1-1  (47) pic.twitter.com/G7iifdWJmk — Arsenal (@Arsenal) December 22, 2020 The online reaction to the 19-year-old’s exit from proceedings at the Emirates, meanwhile, has since been equally swift as it has damning. Fans of the north Londoners have flooded to social media to take aim at their side’s’ medical staff, for allowing Martinelli to take to the pitch for the 2nd-half. This of course comes just weeks after Arsenal came under heavy fire for reintroducing David Luiz to the fray versus Wolves, on the back of a serious clash of heads which left Raul Jimenez with a fractured skull: Loath to speculate over Martinelli’s injury and Arsenal had one of the best doctors in the business to assess him at half-time. But in the space of a few weeks that’s now Luiz, Partey and the Brazilian where they’ve made questionable decisions over a player’s match readiness. — James Benge (@jamesbenge) December 22, 2020 Madness from Arteta and the medical team to allow Martinelli to career on in the second half. Just like with Partey against Tottenham and Luiz against Wolves, we’ve put the quality of a player get in the way of their wellbeing. Fingers crossed Martinelli’s injury isn’t serious. — Dylan Walsh (@dylanwalsh_) December 22, 2020 That @Arsenal medical team allowed Luiz stay on the pitch after one of the worst clash of heads I’ve ever seen. Now they sent MARTINELLI out for the 2nd half only for him to collapse to the ground unable to continue on. — Gunner89 (@Dublingunner46) December 22, 2020 Luiz played on with a huge cut on his head and probably concussion before having to come off. Partey was rushed back, pulled up, was made sprint and pulled up again. Martinelli got injured just before half time, played on, had to come off two minutes into the second half. — Paddy (@PaddyArsenal) December 22, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.