Thomas Partey will miss Arsenal’s next ‘few matches’ according to Mikel Arteta after the club received the results of an MRI scan after the Ghanaian injured himself against Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday. The midfielder who signed from Atletico Madrid for a £45 million fee, Arsenal paying the 27-year-old’s buyout clause, was taken off at half time against Aston Villa. The Gunners failed to win any of their subsequent Premier League games and Arteta took the risk to start Partey against Spurs, it backfired with Partey being removed before the midway point of the match. It now appears that Partey will be unavailable for the crucial Christmas period with Arsenal down in 15th place. “He got injured in the same area. Not exactly the same spot, but similar as it was before. We MRI [scanned] him yesterday. There was an injury there and he will miss the next few matches,” said Arteta. Arteta on Partey: “He got injured in the same area. Not exactly the same spot, but similar as it was before. We MRI [scanned] him yesterday. There was an injury there and he will miss the next few matches.” pic.twitter.com/7Q1jdC82de — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) December 9, 2020 However, there was positive news from the reliable @TheAFCBell. The account has shown to be a reliable source of information regarding Partey with the account informing the Arsenal fan base of the Ghanaian’s imminent arrival before most outlets. The account also announced that Partey would be in line for an appearance in the north London derby which later of course took place. TheAFCBell has now given further details of Partey’s MRI scan and reported that the injury is not as bad as first feared. “A source familiar with the MRI scan of Thomas Barty tells #ArsenalBell that the club and the player’s camp feared the worst, and although the results showed a local injury, it was better than what was initially feared. The player will undergo a rigorous hospitalization program and will be evaluated daily. No specific date yet for his return.” مصدر مطّلع على فحص الرنين المغناطيسي لتوماس بارتي يخبر #جرس_أرسنال أن النادي و معسكر اللاعب كانوا يخشون الأسوأ، ورغم أن النتائج أثبتت وجود إصابة موضعية إلا أنها أفضل مما كان يُخشى في بادئ الأمر. اللاعب سيخضع لبرنامج استشفائي دقيق و سيتم تقيمه يوميًا. لا موعد محدد بعد لعودته. — TheAFCBell (@TheAFCBeII) December 9, 2020 Partey also took to Instagram to send a message to the fan base. “Being part of the Arsenal family is something incredible for me, since the day I arrived I have felt so supported,” he said. “The coach had a great influence in my decision to join this team and even though we had some bad results I know we are building something good together. I have had the bad luck to suffer an injury but I hope I can play again soon and fight for this team View this post on Instagram A post shared by Thomas Teye Partey (@thomaspartey5) Arteta will have to suffice with Granit Xhaka, Mohamed Elneny, Dani Ceballos and Ainsley Maitland-Niles throughout the busy schedule as Arsenal look desperate to climb the table and ultimately score more goals. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.