On the same day that speculation has begun to mount surrounding a potentially lengthy spell out of action for Liverpool star Diogo Jota, another of the club’s attackers has continued to shine in the Championship. The major talking point at Anfield over the last 24 hours has of course been the fitness of Jota. Portuguese international Jota has enjoyed a stellar start to his career at Anfield, since arriving from Premier League rivals Wolves during the summer. As such, it no doubt came as a major source of concern when, during his pre-Fulham press conference on Friday, Jurgen Klopp confirmed that the 24-year-old had picked up an injury: ‘Diogo we have to see – he got a knock.’ Subsequent reports in the time since, meanwhile, confirmed that Jota had indeed been ruled out of Liverpool’s trip to Craven Cottage on Sunday, though a full diagnosis on the extent of the attacker’s problem had not yet been made: Diogo Jota has a knee injury. He is set to miss the Fulham game. Liverpool are waiting for the problem sustained against Midtjylland to settle down before finding out how serious it is. — paul joyce (@_pauljoyce) December 12, 2020 This was prior to further claims in the Portuguese media, since backed by several English sources this evening, though, that Jota could in fact be confined to the sidelines for as long as two months: Diogo Jota has been ruled out for two months with a knee injury. Liverpool now fear he will be sidelined until February after he underwent scans to assess the damage. #awlfc [mirror] — Anfield Watch (@AnfieldWatch) December 12, 2020 As such, with Liverpool’s front-line not exactly brimming with depth as it is, any prolonged spell out of action for Jota would, for obvious reasons, represent a major blow. On an otherwise concerning day for fans of the Reds, it will therefore no doubt come as a timely boost to hear that one of the club’s brightest young talents, on Saturday, continued to light up the Championship. The player in question? Harvey Elliott. 17-year-old Elliott was handed his latest starting berth this afternoon, when Blackburn welcomed Norwich to Ewood Park. And, though the hosts eventually fell to a 2-1 defeat, it was Elliott’s moment of individual magic which proved the main talking point of the clash. After picking up the ball on the right wing, the English youth international danced his way into the box, courtesy of a combination of wonderful balance and tidy footwork, before slotting home a confident finish. His latest strike means that, despite his tender years, Elliott has now directly contributed to 7 goals in just 13 Championship appearances this season: | Since joining Blackburn on loan, Harvey Elliot has directly contributed to 7 goals in 13 games (3 goals & 4 assists). Starboy.  pic.twitter.com/bC21hQu3b9 — The Anfield Buzz (@TheAnfieldBuzz) December 12, 2020 As such, if confirmation of a long-term layoff for Diogo Jota is indeed forthcoming over the days ahead, based on current form, Elliott being recalled from his Blackburn loan as early as next month appears a genuine possibility. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.