The woes of Premier League giants Arsenal mounted even further this evening, as the Gunners slipped to a 1-0 defeat at home to Burnley. Mikel Arteta’s men welcomed the Clarets to north London a short time ago, for their latest league outing. The hosts of course entered proceedings in freefall, having not picked up a single league win since the beginning of last month, a stretch which left them sitting in a lowly 15th ahead of kick-off at the Emirates. A statement display, for obvious reasons, was therefore needed, amid mounting questions surrounding the ‘Arteta project’. As outlined above, however, when the 90 minutes were said and done, not only was such a performance not forthcoming, but the Gunners went on to implode en route to a 1-0 defeat. After dominating for a lengthy stretch late in the first-half and early following the interval, Arsenal’s hopes of capitalising on their territorial advantage were dealt a major blow just shy of the hour mark. A moment of madness on the part of the oft-maligned Granit Xhaka saw the Swiss midfielder needlessly grab Ashley Westwood by the throat, with a subsequent VAR check having left referee Graham Scott with little choice but to produce a red card: | RED CARD! Granit Xhaka is sent off for violent conduct after grabbing Ashley Westwood by the throat! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #ARSBUR here: https://t.co/8DRN8rfYjRDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/5qodeVno2P — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 13, 2020 And, from here, the momentum swung very much in Burnley’s favour. Though Sean Dyche’s men didn’t carve out much when it came to clear-cut chances, the wind was completely taken out of Arsenal’s sails. And the Clarets, 15 minutes later, took full advantage of the situation. Again, though, it came with more than a small helping hand from their hosts. A whipped corner from the left was completely misjudged by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who went on to flick a near post header beyond Bernd Leno, and into the top corner of his own net: Burnley lead Arsenal…for the first time in the Premier League! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang heads in at the wrong end to open the scoring! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #ARSBUR here: https://t.co/8DRN8rfYjRDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/OISLw6zDUz — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 13, 2020 The final 20 minutes saw the home side huff and puff in their attempts to carve out a much-needed equaliser, but, as has been the case on so many occasions of late, come up short. Arteta’s men now sit just 5 points clear of the Premier League’s relegation zone, and a full 10 points adrift of the top-4. On the back of proceedings coming to a close at the Emirates this evening, it is almost impossible to pinpoint Arsenal’s biggest problem. At this point, there are almost too many to fit into one article: Hector Bellerin is no longer a Premier League standard right-back, Granit Xhaka simply cannot be trusted to keep his discipline, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang looks as though he may never score again… the list goes on and on. What may, in turn, do a better job of summing up the absolute car crash that is Arsenal Football Club at present, are a series of statistics, highlighting the extent of the Gunners’ woes. First, showcasing just how lacking in discipline the Londoners have been under the guidance of Mikel Arteta: 6 – Arsenal have received six Premier League red cards since Mikel Arteta took over Arsenal in December 2019, double that of any other side in this time. Problem. #ARSBUR — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 13, 2020 Most PL red cards since Mikel Arteta’s first game as Arsenal manager in December 2019: Arsenal Brighton Everton Leicester Man City Norwich pic.twitter.com/U8zdYgXMHg — Sky Sports Statto (@SkySportsStatto) December 13, 2020 Next, the uncharacteristic struggles of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has scored more goals for opposition teams (1) than he has for Arsenal at the Emirates this season. — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 13, 2020 – Expected Goals per 90 (xG90): 2016/17: 1.022017/18: 0.912018/19: 0.782019/20: 0.49/: . pic.twitter.com/UNAZtkakVI — The xG Philosophy (@xGPhilosophy) December 13, 2020 Did Auba score a non-penalty goal? [PL 20/21] vs. Fulham — vs. West Ham — vs. Liverpool — vs. Sheffield United — vs. Man City — vs. Leicester City — vs. Man Utd — vs. Aston Villa — vs. Leeds United — vs. Wolves — vs. Spurs — vs. Burnley  [OG] pic.twitter.com/HI4I73iP91 — Statman Dave (@StatmanDave) December 13, 2020 The managerial woes of Mikel Arteta: Mikel Arteta’s managerial record in the Premier League: 32 games13 wins 41% win rate. pic.twitter.com/xFJDSINURB — Statman Dave (@StatmanDave) December 13, 2020 Arsenal’s record-equalling abysmal form at the Emirates: ️ Arsenal have lost their last 4 PL home games, equalling a club record in the top division, which has happened twice previously in 1908 & 1959 pic.twitter.com/SJKTNDs0eF — Sky Sports Statto (@SkySportsStatto) December 13, 2020 And finally… Can’t score.Can’t keep a clean sheet.Can’t win.15th in the league.13 points from 12 league games.7 defeats. pic.twitter.com/DIN7tL8Jqi — AFTV (@AFTVMedia) December 13, 2020 Arsenal to miss out? PSG reportedly primed for Houssem Aouar swoop Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.