Liverpool put Wolves to the sword in comfortable fashion this evening, with the contributions of a couple of Reds stars in particular having since caught the headlines. Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Nuno Espirito Santo and co. to Anfield a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings aware that nothing but a victory would do to keep pace with table-topping Spurs, who had downed Arsenal in a North London Derby clash earlier in the evening. And, when all was said and done, secure all 3 points was precisely what Liverpool managed. An impressive showing on the part of the champions saw an ever-dangerous Wolves side nullified, en route to a 4-0 final scoreline. Mohamed Salah set the home side on their way with 25 minutes on the clock, before 2nd-half finishes from Gini Wijnaldum and Joel Matip were added to by Nelson Semedo’s late own goal, guiding Liverpool back on terms with Tottenham in style. 31 – Liverpool have won 31 of their last 32 home league games (D1), scoring 93 goals while conceding just 25 in this time. Madness. pic.twitter.com/fkkXFqLhv2 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 6, 2020 Evidently, based on the eventual scoreline this evening, a number of Reds stars impressed on an individual level this evening. The likes of Wijnaldum, Matip and Sadio Mane all enjoyed fine outings, playing key roles in the hosts’ eventual 3-point haul. It is the duo of Mohamed Salah and Caoimhin Kelleher, however, who have since grabbed the headlines on the back of proceedings coming to a close at Anfield. Egyptian wide-man Salah proved the catalyst for Liverpool on Sunday, bagging a goal and assist, amid a stellar all-round display. The former AS Roma man’s frankly remarkable influence not only versus Wolves, but as a whole since his arrival on Merseyside in 2017, meanwhile, has since been perfectly summed up by the below statistic, which came to light after Salah opened this evening’s scoring: 111 – Since returning to the Premier League for the 2017-18 season Mohamed Salah has scored or assisted 111 times in the competition (82 goals, 29 assists), at least 20 more times than any other player (Kane, 91). Inevitable. pic.twitter.com/OhjeAerD4L — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 6, 2020 Elsewhere, Kelleher, handed his 2nd consecutive start between the posts by Jurgen Klopp, showcased once again why the Liverpool boss has placed his faith in the talents of the Irishman in the absence of the sidelined Alisson. The 22-year-old barely put a foot wrong all night, making a number of fine saves, looking confident in commanding his area, and distributing the ball with poise and accuracy. Alisson will of course take back over starting duties once recovered from his latest fitness issue, but Klopp and co. will no doubt rest easy in the knowledge that they appear to have unearthed a top-drawer backup in the form of Kelleher. Liverpool & Chelsea reportedly among clubs ‘keeping an eye’ on Sebastian Walukiewicz Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp believes Chelsea are favourites for Premier League Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.