Tottenham played out their final Europa League group stage outing a short time ago vs Antwerp. Spurs headed into the tie second in the Group J table after failing to see off LASK last week. However, Jose Mourinho’s side would have topped their group with a win in north London. Seeing off Antwerp, as Spurs found out in the reverse fixture, is no easy task though. But when all was said and done at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, Spurs eventually emerged with a 2-0 victory, securing top spot in their group. Tottenham began the tie with a back-five, with Jose Mourinho seemingly keen to utilise both Matt Doherty and Sergio Reguilon’s previous success in similar systems. And it would be Spurs who had the first half-chance of the tie, with Japhet Tanganga pressuring the Antwerp keeper into putting the ball out for a corner, with Gareth Bale then heading wide from the resulting set-piece. The Welshman then accidentally blocked a decent Lucas Moura strike nine minutes in, with Spurs looking somewhat disjointed in the early stages. Lucas was one of the few bright sparks early on though, with the Brazilian playing in his fellow countryman Carlos Vinicius who was eventually outmuscled by an Antwerp defender. Giovani Lo Celso then did well to create space for himself in the away side’s box with some impressive footwork, but his effort was poor. In truth though, the Lilywhites really struggled to get a grip on the game and created very little in the first half-hour. One of the few positives for the home side was that they were able to really nullify Antwerp’s attacking threat. Giovani Lo Celso also showed patches of promise, including forcing a decent save out of Alireza Beiranvand 32 minutes in. The Antwerp no.1 then made a huge one-on-one save vs Vinicius just before the break, though the Spurs forward really should have done a lot better and probably put his side into the lead. The half-time whistle blew with the score at 0-0 and neither side really looking overly impressive, though that will no doubt have, of course, suited the visitors much better as they didn’t need to win this tie to finish 1st. Both managers opted to make changes at half time, with Steven Bergwijn on for Reguilon, with Mourinho seemingly shifting to a back-four. But the change seemed to have little impact, with the beginning of the second 45 having a similar feel to the first. However, Vinicius would open the scoring for Spurs 56 minutes in. Lucas won a free-kick from around 30 yards out. Bale forced a superb save from the Antwerp keeper from the resulting free-kick but Vinicius was there to tap in the rebound. Bale’s technique is ABSURD Spurs winger’s incredible free-kick attempt leads to an easy Vinicius goal! #UEL pic.twitter.com/A2tQvk9PZl — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 10, 2020 Despite taking the lead, Mourinho still opted to bring on Harry Kane, Heung-min Son and Tanguy Ndombele just moments later. Son then forced another couple of good saves from Beiranvand, who was doing a solid job of keeping the Belgian’s in the tie. The game was eventually killed off 70 minutes in, however, when Harry Kane slipped in Lo Celso who slotted home calmly. The Argentine was by far and away Spurs’ best player on the evening, with his passing, dribbling and finishing all on point. Little happened after Lo Celso’s goal though, with Spurs holding out for a 2-0 win to send them top of Group J. See also: Manchester United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Newcastle vs West Brom betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.