Liverpool secured a narrow victory over Ajax tonight, with two of the club’s youth products having grabbed the headlines in combining for the game’s only goal. Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed the Dutch champions to Anfield a short time ago, for their penultimate Champions League group stage outing. The Reds entered proceedings having fluffed their chance to book a spot in the competition’s knockout rounds last time out, in falling to a surprise 2-0 defeat at home to Atalanta. As such, ahead of kick-off tonight, though Liverpool maintained top spot in Group D, they sat just two points clear of both Ajax and Atalanta. Avoiding a 2nd-straight European loss was therefore of paramount importance for the Merseysiders. And, when all was said and done at Anfield, not only did the hosts avoid defeat, but they went on to bag a hard-fought win. Despite both sides having carved out plenty of chances, a solitary goal eventually proved the difference upon the final whistle sounding. Curtis Jones was the man on target, taking advantage of a rare Andre Onana mistake to volley home at the back post just shy of the hour-mark: Oh dear, Onana! Two academy graduates combine to give Liverpool the lead, as Neco Williams assists Curtis Jones Ajax’s keeper won’t want to see this one again though… pic.twitter.com/j8jebhaeYN — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 1, 2020 As such, on a night where goalkeeper Alisson was added to the club’s seemingly never-ending injury list, it no doubt came as a huge source of pride for all associated with the English champions when it was one of their own youth products who guided Klopp’s men beyond Ajax. Not only that, but, remarkably, it was actually also a Reds academy graduate – in the form of Neco Williams – who set up Jones’ winner. And, as since revealed by the reliable Opta, in combining for the only goal to guide their side into the Champions League’s last-16, both of Liverpool’s young stars etched their names into the club’s history books: 1 – Neco Williams’ assist for Curtis Jones’ goal was the first time two teenagers have combined for a goal in the Champions League for Liverpool. Development. pic.twitter.com/31xsMoQTiN — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 1, 2020 One concern amid an otherwise positive 90 minutes for Liverpool tonight, however, came on the personnel front. Just hours after it was confirmed that Alisson has picked up a hamstring injury, Andy Robertson looked set to join the Brazilian on the sidelines, after going to ground with an ankle problem during the first-half. The Scot, following treatment from the hosts’ medical team, soldiered on, though, to see out the remainder of the clash. As such, speaking during his post-match interview, Jurgen Klopp was inevitably drawn on the wellbeing of both Robertson and captain Jordan Henderson, with the Liverpool boss having explained: Klopp on Henderson/Robertson knocks: “They played through it so I would say [they are OK] but I don’t know. In the moment, I am positive. That is a problem for the next few days, not tonight.” — Paul Gorst (@ptgorst) December 1, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.