A staggering story is currently unfolding at the Parc des Princes, after all 22 players opted to leave the field of play, following accusations of racism on the part of one of the team of officials. One of two crucial Champions League Group H clashes, up until a short time ago, had been unfolding in Paris. Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-German welcomed Istanbul Basaksehir to the French capital, for the respective sides’ final group stage outing of the campaign. Whilst the visitors entered proceedings with little to play for, PSG were aware that a 3-point haul would see them recover from a dismal opening to their European campaign with a place in the competition’s last-16. This came with Thomas Tuchel’s men having sat alongside both RB Leipzig and Manchester United on 9 points atop the table ahead of kick-off. As things stand, meanwhile, the former lead their illustrious opponents by 2 goals to nil at the Red Bull Arena. Wow… RB Leipzig took the lead inside two minutes against Man Utd Angelino, a left-back on loan from Man City, bags his seventh goal of the season! pic.twitter.com/LFFyfk4x3E — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 8, 2020 As outlined above, however, whilst the action continues to unfold in Germany, it has since come to a complete halt in France. This comes after all eleven of Istanbul Basaksehir’s players understandably opted to walk off the Parc des Princes pitch, after one of the 4th officials in the stadium was accused of aiming a racist comment at a member of the visitors’ staff. PSG’s stars, upon catching wind of the incident, showcased immediate solidarity with their opponents, following suit in leaving the field of play. PSG vs Istanbul Basaksehir has been suspended following an alleged racist incident involving the 4th official towards Istanbul’s assistant manager. pic.twitter.com/mLIkZiPK7u — Champions League on CBS Sports (@UCLonCBSSports) December 8, 2020 Amid a chaotic scene in the French capital, meanwhile, further insight into the situation has since been provided: What a shame in Paris. 4th ref said “the black guy” when indicating to the ref who should be booked on Istanbul’s bench. Istanbul Basaksehir walks off the pitch for racism. “Why you call him black man?!”, Istanbul players are literally furious.  #UCL #PSGIBFK — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) December 8, 2020 Well done to the Basaksehir players for walking off the Parc des Princes pitch after 4th official allegedly referred to assistant coach Achille Webo as ‘negro’. Well done PSG players for supporting the decision… Scandalous if true — Matt Spiro (@mattspiro) December 8, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.