Carlo Ancelotti has provided updates on the fitness of a number of his squad’s key performers, ahead of the club’s upcoming showdown with Manchester City. The Toffees will return to Premier League action tomorrow night, in their final fixture of the calendar year. Ancelotti and co. will welcome Man City to Goodison Park, for a crucial fixture in the English top-flight’s top-4 race. As things stand, Everton sit 2nd in the table, just 3 points adrift of Merseyside rivals and early pace-setters Liverpool. This comes with the Blues having racked up 4 straight league wins over the last couple of weeks, the latest of which came in the form of a 1-0 downing of Sheffield United at Bramall Lane on Saturday. The breakthrough for Everton! Gylfi Sigurdsson takes a touch and strokes the ball beyond Aaron Ramsdale. Heartbreak for Sheffield United  pic.twitter.com/mUF4VxDxFV — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 26, 2020 It goes without saying, though, that Manchester City will prove no pushovers for Everton in 24 hours’ time. The Citizens are unbeaten in their last 10 across all competitions, and sit just 3 points adrift of their upcoming hosts in the Premier League table, with a game in hand. As such, Carlo Ancelotti will no doubt be desperate to have as strong a squad as possible at his disposal on Monday night. Speaking in a pre-City interview this weekend, however, the Everton boss confirmed that he will in fact be unable to call on several of his star performers for the clash. Richarlison, who picked up a concussion during the club’s League Cup meeting with Manchester United last week, is one who is certain to miss out. Long-term absentees Allan and Lucas Digne, meanwhile, are also set to play no part versus City, whilst James Rodriguez’s long-standing calf problem will see the Colombian absent, too. Carlo Ancelotti: “We have to think about the players who can recover in two days. After that, we have to rotate some players. Richarlison is following his concussion protocols and has to stay out.”#FFScout #FPL #GW15 #GW16 #EvertonFC pic.twitter.com/8s8RPx0aNW — Fantasy Football Scout (@FFScout) December 27, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.