The footballing world was shocked to witness the events which led to both sets of players from PSG and Istanbul Basaksehir leave the pitch in yesterday’s Champions League clash. Fourth official Sebastian Coltescu was accused of using a racist term towards the Turkish side’s coach Pierre Webo. The match was suspended by UEFA who released the following statement: ‘UEFA has – after discussion with both clubs – decided on an exceptional basis to have the remaining minutes of the match played tomorrow with a new team of match officials. A thorough investigation on the incident that took place will be opened immediately.’ PSG forward Kylian Mbappe tweeted “Say no to racism. Webo we are with you.” SAY NO TO RACISM. M.WEBO WE ARE WITH YOU. — Kylian Mbappé (@KMbappe) December 8, 2020 Webo’s red card was rescinded by UEFA and was also allowed to return for the restart the following day. The match itself in terms of the competitive outcome was decided already for Istanbul. The Turkish side did not have enough points Before the kick off to the match’s restart on Wednesday, both clubs produced a unified display of defiance with match officials ahead of kick off. As both teams walked out to take the field, first PSG followed by Basaksehir, they approached the centre circle and spaced out. As the Turkish side’s team approached and then stood between the PSG players in addition to the match officials. As the Champions League anthem rang out around the Parc de Princes, the players and officials dropped to a single knee with some players raising their fist. A unified sign that football stands against all forms of racism and that players, staff and officials will work as one to stamp it out from the game and society. A powerful message from both sets of PSG and İstanbul Başakşehir players  #beINUCL #UCL  HD11 #Notoracism Watch – https://t.co/hkoevnV6B4 pic.twitter.com/9svNFMmCHv — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS_EN) December 9, 2020 The ramifications of Coltescu’s actions are yet to be revealed by UEFA who as mentioned have launched an investigation into the events which occurred. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.