Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has provided an insight into Paul Pogba’s absence from his starting XI to take on RB Leipzig. The Red Devils are currently locked in action with Julian Nagelsmann’s men, in a crucial Champions League showdown. As things stand, the Group H table hangs completely in the balance, with all of United, Leipzig and PSG locked in top spot with 9 points apiece. PSG of course entered the evening as favourites to advance to the last-16, with last season’s competition finalists playing host to bottom of the table Istanbul Basaksehir. Manchester United, meanwhile, need only avoid defeat in Germany, to ensure their safe passage to the knockout rounds. Leipzig, though, are unlikely to prove the soft touch who eventually crumbled to a 5-0 drubbing at Old Trafford in the reverse fixture between the sides late in October. The Bundesliga high-flyers followed a key win in Istanbul last week with an impressive 3-3 draw at Bayern Munich over the weekend, with revenge no doubt firmly on the minds of Nagelsmann and co. on Tuesday night. Bizarrely, however, despite the ramifications posed by the eventual result at the Red Bull Arena, the Champions League fate of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s visitors has not proven the main taking point surrounding United over the last 24 hours. Instead, it has come in the form of the future of star midfielder Paul Pogba. This comes on the back of an absolute bombshell on the part of the Frenchman’s notorious representative Mino Raiola, when the super agent definitively stated that his client’s time at Old Trafford is ‘over’. Solskjaer, in turn, was left with a major decision to make ahead of his side’s crunch outing this evening, regarding whether or not to make use of Pogba, who actually thoroughly impressed in his side’s comeback win at West Ham over the weekend. In the end, though, the United boss stood firm, in relegating the gifted midfielder to the bench: Presenting your #MUFC XI for tonight’s #UCL tie… — Manchester United (@ManUtd) December 8, 2020 Speaking ahead of kick-off in Germany, Solskjaer was therefore inevitably drawn on his high-profile selection decision. The Norwegian, though, unsurprisingly opted to remain diplomatic in his response, citing ‘tactical’ reasons for Pogba’s absence: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to BT on Paul Pogba dropping to the #MUFC bench: “My decision tonight is obviously tactical. That’s the only thing. We made a team decision a bit before this game because we decided on Scott & Nemanja in that midfield before West Ham” — Simon Peach (@SimonPeach) December 8, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.