The future of Paulo Dybala is again on the menu for Juventus and any lingering admirers of the Argentine. Dybala had come out to talk of his frustration with the club not actively pursuing an imminent renewal. The 27-year-old has a contract with The Old Lady until 2022 and has been the subject of interest across the previous two summer windows. Dybala to Sky Sport: “I’ve always said that I want to stay. I love Juventus, I love this club… but there are lot of fake news about my contract. My agent was in Turin for few weeks and no one from the club called him [to negotiate]” Dybala’s contract expires in June 2022. — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) December 13, 2020 Dybala has said, “My agent was in Turin for a long time and was never called up by the club. It disappoints me to hear talk of invested financial figures.” “It would be better if the truth could be told, because talking about those aspects in this period pits the fans against me, with all the love I have for Juventus.” Spanish media had reported that Spurs were likely admirers of the Argentine and could move for a significant transfer. If Dybala’s contract issues are not resolved it is a likely possibility he could leave the Allianz Stadium in an upcoming window. However, Dybala’s public frustrations seemed to have caused some reaction from the Juve seniority. Fabio Paratici, Juventus director, has now spoken about the forward’s future and his words will please the former Palermo player as he confirmed the Turin-based club will be speaking to his agent imminently. “We’re gonna meet the agent of Paulo Dybala to talk about his contract,” said Paratici. Juventus have spent significant fees on players such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuaín and will want to protect the value of players they currently have on their books. Fabio Paratici, Juventus director, to Sky Sport: “We’re gonna meet the agent of Paulo Dybala to talk about his contract. Papu Gomez? We’re not gonna sign him in January”.  #Juventus @SkySport — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) December 16, 2020 Furthermore, Paratici confirmed that the club will not be moving for Atalanta’s wantaway forward Papu Gomez. The Argentine has fallen out with coach Gasperini and is set to leave this January. “Papu Gomez?” he said. “We’re not gonna sign him in January.” A staunch retort but one which will leave Gomez with one less destination to run off to. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.