This evening’s Europa League action drew to a close a short time ago. Arsenal’s penultimate group game of the season saw them play host to Austrian outfit, Rapid Vienna. The Gunners headed into the day sat six points clear atop of Group B, knowing a point would be enough to secure them top spot. In theory, though, with Dundalk their final game of the group, Mikel Arteta was likely well aware his side would be topping the group regardless of the result on Thursday. This, in turn, is likely to have played a big role in the Spaniard’s decision to field a number of fringe stars vs Vienna. But it would be a number of these fringe players who impressed most on Thursday as Arsenal strolled to a 4-1 win. The tie started fairly slowly with neither side carving out many chances in the early stages. But Arsenal would eventually break the deadlock with just under 10 minutes gone. Alexandre Lacazette, operating in a no.10 role behind Eddie Nketiah, unleashed a thunderous strike from some distance, which swerved past Richard Strebinger. Look at the movement on that! Alexandre Lacazette with a thunderbolt of a strike  pic.twitter.com/ybn0r0JaTl — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 3, 2020 Shkodran Mustafi should have made it 2-0 just minutes later when Nicolas Pepe whipped a lovely pass across the box, but the German headed wide. Another of Arsenal’s centre-backs, Pablo Mari, would make it 2-0 in the 17th minute though. The Spaniard met Reiss Nelson’s corner before guiding a powerful header well past Vienna’s keeper. Nelson then nearly got in on the goal-scoring action after some great build-up play but the youngster’s first touch let him down and the keeper was able to recover well. The young midfielder then nearly bagged his second assist of the night, cutting it back to Lacazette on the edge of the box, but the Frenchman’s effort clipped the post. This was followed by Ainsley Maitland-Niels making a charging run from midfield before directing his strike wide. Arsenal’s dominance continued throughout the first 45, with the north Londoners netting a 3rd just before the break. Nelson was key once again, laying the ball off to Nketiah who eventually scored after a second shot. What a team move! Eddie Nketiah finishes it all off and Arsenal are three to the good at the break  pic.twitter.com/9Ayi73PY6l — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 3, 2020 The first 45 drew to a close with Arsenal boasting a deserved 3-0 lead. The Gunners started the second half on the front foot, with Vienna’s keeper doing well to deny Nelson. However, it would be the Austrian outfit who struck first, netting after several top blocks from Sead Kolasinac. Vienna’s keeper then made a superb save to deny Lacazette just before the hour-mark, which was eventually ruled out for offside. All of Nelson, Lacazette and Mohamed Elneny were then taken off at the same time, suggesting they may be playing some role in the weekend’s derby. The former of that trio were particularly impressive, with Lacazette excelling in an unusual role for him, and Nelson provided some much-needed attacking threat in the final third. Emile Smith-Rowe was one of the trio to come on for Arsenal and had an almost instant impact, tapping in a cut-back from AMN 65 minutes in. Emile Smith Rowe’s first Arsenal goal in 735 days (since he scored against Vorskla in the Europa League). It has been a tough few years for his since then but his attitude throughout some frustrating times has never been anything less than exemplary. — James Benge (@jamesbenge) December 3, 2020 Arsenal were unable to add a 5th despite some decent chances, with the full-time whistle blowing with the score 4-1 and Arsenal having secured top spot in Group B with a game to spare. The Gunners final Europa League group game of the season sees them take on bottom of the table Dundalk next week. See also: Burnley vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Championship betting tips: Gameweek 16 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.