Two of Barcelona’s goals versus Real Valladolid this evening have since seen the La Liga heavyweights grab the headlines for all the right reasons. Ronald Koeman’s men are currently locked in action at the Estadio José Zorrilla. The Blaugrana headed into proceedings in desperate need of all 3 points, after seeing their hopes of wrestling back the La Liga title take another blow in a 2-2 draw with Valencia over the weekend. As things stand, though, Barca, to their credit, are well on their way to a bounce-back result. The Catalan giants currently lead Valladolid by 3 goals to nil, amid a fine team display. The visitors’ first of the evening came just past the 20-minute mark, when Lionel Messi’s pinpoint delivery into the area was nodded home by Clement Lenglet. Messi tees up Lenglet for the header! In spite of some good saves by Jordi Masip, Barca lead pic.twitter.com/HaMV3RHgYL — Premier Sports (@PremierSportsTV) December 22, 2020 It was not the Frenchman’s header itself which turned heads, though. Instead, it was Lenglet’s classy celebration, which saw the stopper pay tribute to on-loan teammate Moussa Wague. Senegalese full-back Wague made the move to PAOK in the summer, for the 2020/21 campaign. During an outing with the Greek outfit over the weekend, however, the 22-year-old was involved in a horrific incident, which saw him collide with the goalpost. Wague has since been ruled out for a minimum of 9 months, after being forced to undergo knee surgery. Lenglet, though, was tonight keen to remind his on-loan teammate that he is not alone, holding up a Barca jersey with the African’s name printed across the back: Get well soon, @Moussa_WagueOff. @clement_lenglet #LaLigaFanCam #RealValladolidBarça pic.twitter.com/JmfJcTrDqI — LaLiga English (@LaLigaEN) December 22, 2020 Next on target for Barca at the José Zorrilla was Martin Braithwaite, who got on the end of Sergino Dest’s driven ball across the face of goal to round out a fine team move: Leo Messi -> @sergino_dest -> Martin Braithwaite -> GOALLLLLLLLLL! Serg provides his first assist in a @FCBarcelona shirt to help make it 2-0. (@beINSPORTSUSA) pic.twitter.com/Nt2PbQ7TNg — U.S. Soccer MNT (@USMNT) December 22, 2020 And this was followed 20 minutes into the 2nd-half by the most significant goal of the evening. The scorer? Lionel Messi. After being sent through courtesy of a moment of magic from youngster Pedri, Argentine icon Messi made no mistake with a trademark left-footed finish: Lionel Messi makes HISTORY! Goal No. 644 sees him overtake Pele “Nobody in the history of this wonderful game has ever scored as many goals for the same club as Lionel Messi.” pic.twitter.com/jXiXB1aQvI — Premier Sports (@PremierSportsTV) December 22, 2020 The 33-year-old’s strike, meanwhile, marked a landmark one in the history books of football. Messi has now managed a staggering 644 goals for Barcelona. This is one more than Brazilian legend Pele netted for Santos, making the Blaugrana captain the new highest-scoring one-club player to ever grace the pitch: ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/nP1eB8a14m — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) December 22, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.