The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance to the least developed countries. It promotes technical and investment cooperation among nations. Headquartered in New York City, the status of UNDP is that of an executive board within the United Nations General Assembly. The UNDP is funded entirely by voluntary contributions from UN member states. The organization operates in 177 countries, where it works with local governments to meet development challenges and develop local capacity. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job ID: 33880Location: Abuja, NigeriaPractice Area – Job Family: Management – KnowledgeGrade: SB3Vacancy Type: Service Contract (SC)Posting Type: Common SystemContract Duration: 1 year with possibility of renewal BackgroundThe Spotlight Initiative is a global partnership to eliminate all forms of violence against women and girls. It was launched in September 2017 by the United Nations (UN) Secretary-General and the European Union (EU) High Representative and Vice President (HRVP). The Spotlight Initiative supports UN development system (UNDS) reforms to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development: 3 Core Agencies (the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Population (UNFPA) and UN Women) work together, with other relevant UN agencies, funds and programs (AFPs), making large-scale investments in priority countries. The Initiative will bring the UN system together, engaging relevant AFPs, in line with their respective mandates and capacities, to build on and scale up what works, including through complementing and supporting existing mechanisms and programs on eliminating violence against women and girls (EVAWG). The Initiative is funding an allocation of €250 Million for 8 African countries: Nigeria, Liberia, Niger, Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Uganda and Mali where it seeks to eliminate sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV), harmful practices (HPs), and addressing related aspects of sexual and reproductive health and rights (SRHRs). In Nigeria, the Spotlight Initiative aims to support a Nigeria where all women and girls, particularly the most vulnerable, live a life free from violence and harmful practices. The Office of the UN Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator (RCHC) coordinates five UN Agencies to implement the Spotlight Initiative in Nigeria- UN Women, UNFPA, UNDP UNICEF and UNESCO. The Resident Coordinators Office is hereby soliciting for applications from competent and qualified individuals for the post of a Knowledge Management and Evidencing Officer for the Spotlight Programme. Under the direct supervision of the Spotlight Coordinator, the Knowledge Management and Evidencing Officer will analyze, document, disseminate and ensure the effective uptake of knowledge products and lessons learned from Spotlight Programme Implementation and demonstrate the evidence base for ending Violence Against Women and Girls. Duties and ResponsibilitiesImplement the Knowledge Management Strategy and Work Plan for the country programme: Identification and documentation of good practices and lessons learned: Provide support to all RUNOS and capacity building to UNDP partners to effectively monitor their programme results: Based on the Knowledge Management framework, Programme Coordinator, Technical Specialists, Civil Society Reference group and all agencies on best interventions to publicize: Work with contracted partners to facilitate lesson learned reviews: CompetenciesCore: Innovation: Leadership: People Management: Communication: Delivery: Technical / Functional:Knowledge Management: Collaboration and Partnership: Development Planning and Monitoring: Sustainable Development Goals: Monitoring and Evaluation: Innovation: Data and Statistics for Development: Required Skills and ExperienceEducation: Experience: Language Requirements: Skills / Competencies: Application Closing Date15th December, 2020 (Midnight New York, USA). The post Knowledge Management & Evidencing Associate at the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.