Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has this evening spoken out over the fitness of captain Sergio Ramos, ahead of his side’s crunch La Liga meeting with Sevilla. Los Blancos are set to make the trip to the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium tomorrow afternoon, for their latest league outing. Real will of course head into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, on the back of a dismal spell of form of late. Zidane’s men have managed just a solitary win from their last 5 across all competitions, a spell which leaves the capital giants 4th in the La Liga table, 7 points adrift of early pace-setters Real Sociedad. Their form in Europe, meanwhile, has proven equally concerning, with Los Merengues, as things stand, set to miss out on a spot in the Champions League’s last-16. This comes on the back of a 2-0 defeat at Shakhtar Donetsk during the week. “He ran, he drove, he struck and he has struck gold!” Shakhtar’s Manor Solomon finds the bottom corner emphatically to put Real Madrid out of the qualifying places going into Group B’s final match day!  pic.twitter.com/TrVjgrq0Pt — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 1, 2020 Whilst the extent of Real’s woes of late have come as a surprise, what has not is the fact that they have come with the Spanish giants unable to call on captain and talisman Sergio Ramos. The veteran stopper has not featured in any of the club’s last 4 outings, since picking up a hamstring whilst on international duty last month. And, as confirmed a short time ago, Ramos will not make his return to action this weekend, either. Taking to social media a short time ago, the La Liga champions unveiled their 20-man travelling squad to take on Sevilla. Ramos, though, was not included, with Belgian wide-man Eden Hazard also amongst the high-profile absentees: Our 20-man squad for the match against @SevillaFC_ENG!#SevillaFCRealMadrid | #HalaMadrid pic.twitter.com/E61SCecgHk — Real Madrid C.F.  (@realmadriden) December 4, 2020 As such, on the back of Ramos’ omission being confirmed, Zinedine Zidane, speaking during a press conference this evening, was inevitably drawn on the wellbeing of his side’s leader. And the Real boss went on to confirm that, despite Ramos being pictured in training earlier on Friday, he is not yet willing to risk the Spanish international in competitive action: ‘With Sergio, as with everyone, we are not going to risk anything. I don’t want a player with a discomfort and then hurt himself more. We will see how we will do tomorrow. I prefer to have all the players.’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.