Arsenal travelled to Tottenham on Sunday afternoon, for the first north London derby of the season. The two outfits headed into the clash in completely contrasting form. Spurs were aware that a win against their bitter rivals would see them return to the top of the Premier League table. Arsenal, on the other hand, were aiming to move out of the bottom half of the table, having begun the day in a lowly 14th place. But, when all was said and done at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the Gunners fell to another disappointing defeat. Heung-min Son and Harry Kane combined to devastating effect 13 minutes in, to hand Jose Mourinho’s side the lead. And the deadly duo were at it once again just before the break, with Son this time setting up Kane: SON  KANE  GOAL It’s that combination again! An emphatic finish from Harry Kane doubles Tottenham’s lead on the stroke of half-time. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #TOTARS here: https://t.co/pR3pSThJRE Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/WXD4igof9O — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 6, 2020 As for Arsenal, they, as has so often been the case this season, looked completely bereft of ideas in the attacking third this evening, with Alexandre Lacazette’s 67th-minute header their only real chance of note in the derby. The capital matchup also marked yet another outing during which Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was completely anonymous. The African, who has stood as the Gunners’ star goalscorer for several seasons now, has netted just twice in the league this term –on the opening weekend versus Fulham, and against Manchester United from the penalty spot. Unfortunately for Arsenal’s fans, Aubameyang’s dip in form has also coincided with the striker putting pen to paper on a new big-money contract. And whilst it of course can’t be definitively stated that Aubameyang has in fact downed tools since signing his new deal, the Gunners faithful have been forced to think back to Mesut Ozil’s mammoth £350,000-a-week contract, and the German’s subsequent decline in north London. Rather than speculate as to whether Aubameyang has indeed taken his foot off the pedal, however, the African’s agent, on Sunday, has instead shifted the blame onto Mikel Arteta and co. Following this evening’s derby, Sky Sports showcased a graphic, highlighting Arsenal’s chance creation this season, with the Gunners incredibly ranking dead last when it comes to the Premier League’s 20 clubs. This prompted Aubameyang’s agent to take to Instagram, posting the aforementioned graphic accompanied by the caption ‘if you create chances’, making clear his opinion that his client’s recent struggles are down to a lack of creativity on the part of the capital giants: Aubameyang’s agent on Instagram..  pic.twitter.com/rkD9VBtciM — Sripad (@falsewinger) December 6, 2020 See also: Brighton vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Brighton and Hove Albion vs Southampton live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.