Bayern Munich’s Champions League meeting with Atletico Madrid this evening has seen youngster Bright Arrey-Mbi make history for the club. Hansi Flick’s men are currently locked in action with Atleti in the Spanish capital. The German champions headed into proceedings having remarkably not only booked their spot in the Champions League’s knockout rounds with two games to spare, but also secured group winner status. In turn, it came as little surprise to see Bayern’s squad heavily rotated for tonight’s clash. In fact, none of Robert Lewandowski, Manuel Neuer or Leon Goretzka even made the trip to Spain on Monday. The visitors’ starting XI at the Wanda Metropolitano still featured a host of recognisable names, including the likes of David Alaba and Leroy Sane. Flick, though, also opted to hand some of Bayern’s young talents the chance to impress. And two such starlets came in the form of Jamal Musiala and Bright Arrey-Mbi. Both made the move to the Allianz Arena in the summer of 2019, after carving their respective paths through the youth system of Premier League giants Chelsea. Midfielder Musiala recently set history for Bayern, in becoming the youngest player to ever line out for the club in a Champions League fixture. And, incredibly, just weeks later, Arrey-Mbi has this evening snagged the same record for himself, after being handed a starting berth versus Atletico: #UCL debut for 17-year-old Bright Arrey-Mbi The defender becomes the youngest Champions League starter in #Bayern‘s history, breaking a record set by Jamal Musiala earlier this year by just three days! Check out the statistic HERE https://t.co/SXNg5V0MsG pic.twitter.com/T5tPwj4LBT — Manuel Veth (@ManuelVeth) December 1, 2020 As things stand, Bayern currently trail in Madrid, shortly after the half-time whistle. Joao Felix was the man on target with 26 minutes on the clock, carrying forth his stellar recent spell of form. Joao Felix has now scored eight goals across all competitions this season for Atletico Madrid in just 11 appearances. He’s one goal shy of tying his goals tally from 2019/20. pic.twitter.com/cZMS43LvTI — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 1, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.