The meaning behind Liverpool star Sadio Mane’s celebration after finding the net versus Crystal Palace on Saturday has been revealed. The Reds of course made the trip to Selhurst Park earlier today, for their latest Premier League outing. Liverpool headed into proceedings with spirits high, on the back of a crucial victory in midweek. A top-of-the-table meeting with Tottenham eventually saw the champions bag a last-gasp winner through Roberto Firmino, to open up a 3-point advantage over the chasing pack. And, when all was said and done in the English capital this afternoon, Klopp’s men only opened this gap further. A staggering performance saw the visitors go on to find the net on 7 occasions, laying down a clear title marker in the process. Takumi Minamino, Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino (2), Jordan Henderson and Mohamed Salah (2) were all on target amidst the rout. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EFDHXbjmFOs" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> One of the standout finishes of the afternoon at Selhurst came from Sadio Mane, who’s swivel and pinpoint strike from the edge of the box made it 2-0 ten minutes before the interval. On the back of his drought-breaking goal, meanwhile, many could not help but notice the Senegalese’s celebration. Mane kissed his fingers, before pointing to the sky, in what, at the time, appeared to be a tribute of some sort. And, as since highlighted by a number of Reds fans across social media, a tribute is in fact precisely what their side’s gifted wide-man was acting out. Late last month, Liverpool posted a video to the club’s Twitter account, in which Mane greeted a fan by the name of Lee Swan through video chat, before inviting him to Anfield. Swan, a volunteer at the Florrie community centre and venue in Dingle, gleefully accepted the offer, making his way to his long-time club’s home ground to take a spot-kick in front of the Kop. The gestures did not stop there, though. Mane also offered to carry out a celebration of Swan’s choosing, after netting his next Liverpool goal: ‘You know me, I like to copy celebrations. If you have any celebrations show me now.’ Swan, in turn, requested that Mane pay tribute to his grandfather, also a huge Reds fan, by kissing his finger and raising it to the sky: During these tough times, Sadio surprised Lee – an incredible volunteer at @theflorrie and a massive red – with a day he’ll never forget Dear Liverpool FC, presented by @NIVEAMENUK… pic.twitter.com/uaiQKTNcWo — Liverpool FC (@LFC) November 27, 2020 And, as outlined above, this is precisely what the former Southampton man went on to do, actions which have since seen Mane deservedly showered in praise online: He did it Just the absolute main fella Best moment of the day pic.twitter.com/kP5vuQjnqg — The Anfield Wrap (@TheAnfieldWrap) December 19, 2020 He did it !Sadio Mane goal celebration for King of the Dingle Lee’s grandad #Mane @LFC @NIVEAMENUK https://t.co/ZbM35AWAtH — The Florrie (@TheFlorrie) December 19, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.