Arsenal outcast Mesut Ozil has this evening revealed his disappointment with the club’s latest defeat. The Gunners of course made the trip to Goodison Park a short time ago, for a Premier League meeting with Everton. Mikel Arteta’s men entered the clash in dire need of a result, having slipped to 15th in the English top-flight table ahead of the latest round of fixtures. When all was said and done on Merseyside, however, Arsenal again failed to get the job done, en route to a 2-1 defeat. An own goal from captain-for-the-day Rob Holding put Everton in front with 22 minutes on the clock, before Nicolas Pepe pulled the north Londoners level a short time later from the penalty spot: PEPE KEEPS HIS COOL Tom Davis hands the Gunners a great chance from the spot and Nicolas Pepe makes no mistake! Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #EVEARS here: https://t.co/HwvGmOu6ZM Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/WcbdRmtECD — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 19, 2020 Just when it looked as though Arsenal were set to head into the interval with something to build on, however, a corner from the left was met by Yerry Mina, to put the hosts back in control. Arteta’s men, to their credit, pushed hard for a 2nd equaliser throughout the 2nd-half, but, in the end, a complete lack of creativity again cost the Gunners dear, amid a 4th defeat in 5. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DevKph8WD8o" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> On the back of proceedings coming to a close at Goodison, meanwhile, a number of criticisms of Arteta’s Arsenal have since inevitably come to the fore. Chief among such qualms have been a lack of leadership and, once again, the absence of a player capable of conjuring up the much-needed final ball to round out the Gunners’ countless forays forward. One such individual who previously acted as the undisputed no. 1 source of creativity at the Emirates was of course Mesut Ozil. And, as outlined above, as the German continues to watch on from home, having been frozen out to this point in the season, Ozil appears to nevertheless be feeling the pain of his teammates. Taking to social media on the back of proceedings coming to a close at Goodison this evening, the 32-year-old posted a simple albeit crystal clear message, as showcased below:  — Mesut Özil (@MesutOzil1088) December 19, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.