Arsenal’s abysmal opening to proceedings versus Manchester City this evening has since been aptly summed up by one remarkable statistic. Mikel Arteta’s men are currently locked in action with the Sky Blues at the Emirates. The clash comes in the quarter-finals of the League Cup, a competition which the Gunners were no doubt keen to utilise as a platform to get their campaign back on track. The latest round of Premier League fixtures over the weekend saw Arsenal slip to within 4 points of the English top-flight relegation zone, amid a run of no wins from their last seven. As things stand, however, to say that the capital giants’ efforts to get things back on track are not going according to plan would be putting it lightly. Arsenal currently trail by a goal to nil at the Emirates, after City took a deserved lead inside three minutes. A whipped cross from the left saw Gabriel Jesus sneak in between the pairing of Shkodran Mustafi and Gabriel Jesus, before nodding home beyond the lifeless Alex Runarsson: That didn’t take long! Manchester City are ahead within three minutes, as Jesus nods it past Runarsson. This could be a long night for Arsenal. Watch live on Sky Sports Football Follow online here  https://t.co/OW4PIL91is pic.twitter.com/kuQm5NIsrc — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) December 22, 2020 Jesus’ finish, however, did not spark a completely flat Arsenal performance into life. In fact, the visitors continued to completely dominate both possession and territory as the opening exchanges unfolded, with Arteta’s hosts having simply allowed the Sky Blues to pass rings around them, showcasing zero passion or fight. It must be remembered that this came with the Gunners in desperate need of a bounce-back display, vying for a place in the League Cup’s last-8. And one statistic, in turn, has since aptly summed up the frankly ridiculous extent of City’s early dominance this evening. As revealed online a short time ago, Pep Guardiola’s men boasted a jawdropping 89% of the possession over the course of the opening 10 minutes at the Emirates: #ManCity have had 89% ball possession in the opening 10 minutes.#MCFC | @ManCity | #ARSMCI — Man City Xtra (@City_Xtra) December 22, 2020 *Update* – Arsenal have since drawn level through Alexandre Lacazette! Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.