Edinson Cavani, of course, made the move to Old Trafford during the summer, following the expiration of his PSG contract. The Uruguayan brings a plethora of experience to Manchester, and represents a far superior option to Odion Ighalo, who is due to depart Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad next month anyway. Cavani is now also arguably United’s best natural finisher, with Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial not quite as deadly in front of goal. Despite such impressive traits, however, the veteran hitman, to this point, hasn’t featured an awful lot for the Red Devils. The former PSG standout has managed 13 appearances for Man United this season. However, he has completed 90 minutes just twice – versus Istanbul Basaksehir in the Champions League, and versus Everton in the League Cup. Cavani has also started just one Premier League fixture, during which he managed only 45 minutes of action. This, on the surface, would appear to suggest that the attacker is not performing all that well. But, in the league at least, the South American’s production has actually been solid. Cavani came off the bench to notch vs Everton, before playing a huge role in United’s comeback win over Southampton, netting two and assisting one. Then, most recently, the 33-year-old was introduced vs Leicester, teeing up Bruno Fernandes for his side’s 2nd: Another game, another goal for Bruno Fernandes! Edinson Cavani with a HUGE impact from the bench to create the assist! pic.twitter.com/6lwaGioMYn — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 26, 2020 As such, the United faithful are likely wondering when Cavani could be handed a more regular starting berth. Judging by the latest comments on the part of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, though, it looks set to be some time before fans will see Cavani in from the off on a consistent basis, with the Reds boss having explained: “Of course, Edinson has been away injured for a little while. “He played a full game, it was a physically demanding game for him on Wednesday night at Everton, so we decided on having him on the bench. He made an impact straightaway, great pass. “It will have to be that way for a while for him now, that he gets used to English football and the demands of this season, because it’s very much stop-and-start and a game every three days.” Ole Gunnar Solskjaer explains why he keeps benching Edinson Cavani at Man Utd #MUFC https://t.co/2Ee2Wea9J0 — Mirror Football (@MirrorFootball) December 27, 2020 See also: Chelsea vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Crystal Palace vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.