Thomas Partey has had one of the most unfortunate starts to his time at a new club. The Ghanaian was signed by Arsenal from Atletico Madrid in the summer after activating his £45 million release clause. With the deal not being completed until Deadline Day, Partey had already missed several games and so an integration into the Arsenal first team setup needed to be swift. However, Partey has only completed 90 minutes on two occasions since signing. In his two other starts against Aston Villa and Tottenham Hotspur, the Ghanaian midfielder was substituted after only 45 minutes on the field. This was the moment Mikel Arteta PUSHED a hobbling Thomas Partey onto the pitch to try and stop Harry Kane’s goal Then Arteta slammed him post-match for leaving the pitch. Risking injury, or was Arteta right to do it? More : https://t.co/BAi9iftm9z#OptusSport pic.twitter.com/pDMVqnhwFc — Optus Sport (@OptusSport) December 7, 2020 Against Spurs, Mikel Arteta had seemingly rushed the midfielder back into the fray after only a couple of training sessions, despite the Spanish coach insisting this was not the case, and this led to a reoccurrence of an injury not exactly the same as before but in a very similar area. The 27-year old has not played since and Arsenal fans have been clamouring for an update on when they could see him return to the midfield once again. Arsenal’s midfield has been made up of a range of combinations from Granit Xhaka, Dani Ceballos and Mohamed Elneny. Xhaka has recently completed a 3 match ban after being sent off in the 1-0 defeat to Burnley. The midfield is an exceptionally weak area of Arsenal’s squad and has been identified as one of the key reasons for their fragility this season leaving them well in the bottom half of the table. Mixed news was delivered on Partey today after the reliable @TheAFCBell, who has shown to have strong links with Thomas Partey and confirmed his arrival before many media outlets, reported that the Ghanaian would be expected to return in January. ‘No mental tricks about Thomas Partey, the player is not in the squad for today’s match against Chelsea. The treatment program is going well and as planned. The club expects the player to be ready at some point in January,’ read the statement. لا ألاعيب ذهنية بخصوص توماس بارتي، اللاعب ليس في تشكيلة الفريق لمباراة اليوم أمام تشيلسي. البرنامج العلاجي يسير على ما يرام وحسب المخطط له. النادي يتوقع جهوزية اللاعب في مرحلة ما في يناير. — TheAFCBell (@TheAFCBeII) December 26, 2020 Arsenal face Chelsea today and could have done with the midfielder’s intelligence on the ball and defensive security. But it appears that Arsenal will have to cope with their current crop for that much longer. With January approaching there is the opportunity for Arsenal to strengthen further in their central area of the midfield. Although it appears that Arsenal are pursuing creative midfield targets rather than further additions to the deeper part of the area. At 101 we recently profiled the Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma. Arsenal have historically not looked to strengthen from within their own league and could do with a change of tactic if they are to turn around their current state of terrible form. Bissouma could be exactly what they are looking for. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.