The final outing of the latest Premier League game week played out a short time ago. Manchester United made the trip to Bramall Lane as they looked to continue their fine run of form, in the league at least. The Red Devils were undefeated in five outings, four of which they were able to win. Sheffield United, on the other hand, kicked off on Thursday as the only side in the top-flight yet to pick up a single win this term. As a result, a United victory, especially given their form away from Old Trafford, looked nailed on. And well all was said and done in South Yorkshire, the tie played out true to form. Sheffield United started the tie brightly, pressing United high, which you would have expected to play into Man United’s hands, with the pace of Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial deadly on the counter. However, it would be the Blades who took the lead, thanks to a huge mistake from Dean Henderson on his return to Brammall Lane. Henderson received a back pass from Harry Maguire. The shot-stopper then took too long on the ball, allowing him to be quickly dispossessed before David McGoldrick smashed the home side into the lead. Sheffield United lead! It’s a nightmare return to Bramall Lane for Dean Henderson, which sees Man Utd trail away from home again #PLonPrime #SHUMUN pic.twitter.com/mbJdMZM41p — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 17, 2020 The Red Devils didn’t respond too well, creating very little against a previously poor Blades. It would actually be Chris Wilder’s side who came close to adding the second of the game 16 minutes in when John Fleck found himself in acres of space on the edge of the Man United box, but he fired wide. This was quickly followed by Rashford skying an effort after getting through on goal, though he was offside anyway. The Englishman made no mistake 25 minutes in though, when Victor Lindelof’s lofted through-ball reached Rashford who took a sublime first touch before smashing past Aaron Ramsdale. Marcus Rashford, that is superb!@ManUtd are back on level terms #PLonPrime #SHUMUN pic.twitter.com/AmRjlLfNpK — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 17, 2020 John Egan then made a superb interception to deny Martial a clear shot on goal. The Frenchman would not be stopped just minutes later, however, with the Blades once again struggling to deal with an over-the-top ball. This time it would be Paul Pogba’s pass which was met by his fellow countryman Martial: What a turnaround! Anthony Martial scores his 1st Premier League goal of the season to put @ManUtd ahead #PLonPrime #SHUMUN pic.twitter.com/dVCgIJrSgl — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 17, 2020 The away side nearly added a third straight after kick-off, but Ramsdale saved well from Rashford. The first-half drew to a close with Man United boasting a deserved lead. Man United began the second 45 in the same fashion they ended the first, dominating the Blades. And it took just five minutes for United to extend their lead – after a lovely counter-attack eventually saw Rashford add his second of the day. The home team didn’t respond too well, with a handful of corners after the hour-mark the only real threat caused to Henderson’s goal during the majority of the second half. For the most part, though, the second 45 consisted of United dominating, with Mason Greenwood coming close to adding a 4th 67 minutes in. Substitute Juan Mata then forced a good save out of Sheffield’s no.1 as the game began to open up in the final 15 minutes. Chris Wilder’s side would actually pull one back with just under five minutes remaining, though, as Victor Lindelof headed into his own net from a Sheffield corner. This saw a nervy end to the game, with Henderson making a big save to deny Lys Mousset in injury time. But Man United were eventually able to hold out for all three points. See also: Southampton vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.