Manchester United’s Fred was not shown a red card after a VAR review deemed the Brazilian to have not done enough to warrant the card. Fred was seen evidently moving his head into the face of PSG midfielder Paredes. The referee was asked by the video assistant to approach the monitor and after a brief check, only a yellow card was brandished. It looks as though Fred is a very lucky boy He appeared to move his head towards Paredes off the ball, the referee took a closer look, and gave a yellow card Already down a goal, that was a close call for Man Utd… pic.twitter.com/4c2JvDhxGO — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 2, 2020 This led to many fans on social media to react wildly, especially plenty of Arsenal fans who had seen Nicolas Pepe sent off for a similar incident away at Leeds United. Red card for Pepe after a stupid reaction. Let his team down there.pic.twitter.com/pJ0jF0fYlO — SPORF (@Sporf) November 22, 2020 The Gunners fans were not happy. Right, so how on earth did Fred just get away with that? Unreal. — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) December 2, 2020 Arsenal Twitter if Fred doesn’t get a red here — James Benge (@jamesbenge) December 2, 2020 Fred just did the same thing Pépé got sent off for… — Eduardo Hagn (@EduardoHagn) December 2, 2020 Lmao Pèpè gets sent off but Fred gets a pass  alright alright, SURE SEEMS FAIR — marco (@marco_gooner) December 2, 2020 So Pepe’s a red and Fred’s one is a yellow. I’m done. — Stuart MacFarlane  (@Stuart_PhotoAFC) December 2, 2020 Fred headbutts someone and it’s a yellowPepe headbutts someone and it’s a red — DK (@EditsDk15) December 2, 2020 Fred would have been suspended for the final match of the Champions League group away at RB Leipzig in what could become pivotal to the group’s final structure. Chelsea’s match in Seville will be the first in which UEFA will trial a remote system of VAR. The European Governing body revealed in a statement a system which will be operated from Nyon in Switzerland. ‘Since the introduction of Video Assistant Referees (VAR), the majority of domestic leagues across Europe have been operating the system from remote centres, away from the stadiums,” UEFA’s statement read. While initially implementing onsite solutions due to the international format of UEFA’s competitions, UEFA has now successfully tested and approved a VAR remote technical solution, which is based at UEFA’s headquarters in Nyon, and will be implemented for the first time in an official capacity for the UEFA Champions League group stage encounter between Sevilla FC and Chelsea FC on Wednesday 2 December. The referee on the pitch will be assisted from the VAR Operation Room in Nyon, Switzerland by the VAR Tiago Bruno Lopes Martins and the Assistant VAR Luís Miguel Branco Godinho, who are both from Portugal. A back-up VAR system will nevertheless also be in operation onsite at the Estadio Ramón Sánchez-Pizjuán for this game. The substitute VARs, Paolo Valeri and Ciro Carbone, who are both from Italy, can be called upon in case of any connectivity issues.’ Whether the system will have any technical issues we will wait to see. Premier League referees have been using the pitch side monitors more often but UEFA appears to be moving away from the technique. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.