Chelsea’s supporters have taken to social media in their droves this evening, to collectively insist that Aston Villa’s equalising goal versus their side should not have stood. Frank Lampard’s men welcomed the Claret and Blue to Stamford Bridge a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Blues of course headed into proceedings in desperate search of a bounce-back result, amid a concerning spell of recent form. Defeat to struggling Arsenal over the weekend made it 3 losses in 4 for Chelsea, a string of results which saw the capital giants slip to 8th in the English top-flight ahead of kick-off this evening. As outlined above, however, when the 90 minutes were said and done, Lampard and co. again failed to get their campaign back on track. The hosts did take the lead in the clash, 10 minutes before the interval. A sleek piece of football eventually saw the ball laid out wide to Ben Chilwell on the left, who’s pinpoint delivery into the Villa box was nodded home in trademark fashion by Olivier Giroud: Yet more superb centre-forward play from Olivier Giroud The Frenchman sends @ChelseaFC 1-0 up!#PLonPrime #CHEAVL pic.twitter.com/be18BLCYd2 — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 28, 2020 Dean Smith’s visitors, though, to their credit, battled hard, before deservedly levelling things up early in the 2nd-half. A coming together between Jack Grealish and Andreas Christensen in the middle of the park saw advantage played, eventually resulting in Matty Cash’s delivery to the back post being slotted home by the unmarked Anwar El-Ghazi: Aston Villa equalise! Andreas Christensen stays down in the middle of the pitch but play goes and Anwar El Ghazi sneaks in at the back post to make it 5 in his last 5 #PLonPrime #CHEAVL pic.twitter.com/f6kBC3kCNO — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 28, 2020 Villa went close to turning the clash completely on its head a short time later, but John McGinn’s stunning long-range effort rattled the crossbar, much to the relief of the stranded Edouard Mendy: Goodness me! John McGinn almost scores a spectacular goal from long range but it rattles the crossbar #PLonPrime #CHEAVL pic.twitter.com/0FCqM9N9PN — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 28, 2020 The two sides exchanged chances as the ensuing 25 minutes unfolded, but, upon the final whistle sounding, both were forced to settle for a point, in a 1-1 stalemate. As outlined above, however, on the back of proceedings coming to a close at Stamford Bridge, one set of fans who have since made their frustrations crystal clear online are the Chelsea faithful. This comes with many of a Blues persuasion of the opinion that the crucial equaliser netted against their side should in fact not have stood. Some have pointed towards the aforementioned clash between Grealish and Christensen as having been interpreted incorrectly by referee Stuart Attwell, amid widespread claims that the Villa captain was actually guilty of a foul: How can the referee wave play on when Grealish kicks Christensen be Villa are on the attack. Absolutely pathetic refereeing, just take VAR out of the sport. — George Benson (@MrGeorgeBenson) December 28, 2020 Gutted to not have won, thought we did just enough to edge it. Again, such a shame the goal they conceded was when Christensen was lying on the ground injured from a Grealish foul. VAR plays the Villain(s) for Chelsea – who would’ve known. Need to move forward..#CFC #CHEAVL — RJ (@RJ_Goodthings) December 28, 2020 Replays show Grealish fouled Christensen in the build-up. — Simon Johnson (@SJohnsonSport) December 28, 2020 And don’t even get me started on that Grealish obvious foul on Christensen for their equalizer. — Amul V Mohan (@amul_mohan) December 28, 2020 Plenty of others, though, have instead highlighted another incident just seconds before Grealish and Christensen collided. As N’Golo Kante attempted to clip a pass down the line, the ball was blocked by the arm of Villa stopper Matt Targett. Subsequent replays did not focus in on the incident, with the action having of course been unfolding further up the pitch. However, as showcased below, many are of the opinion that Chelsea were once again let down by VAR, with the Londoners’ players and fans alike having been left to feel altogether hard done by: Can someone also please explain why the handball on the halfway line before Villa scored the goal was never checked on the VAR? — CFC Aureen (@Aureenp_aul11) December 28, 2020 An absolutely embarrassing run of missed calls on that Villa equalizer. Why can’t VAR be used on the missed calls? Especially the handball. — Matthew Golda (@mgolda1216) December 28, 2020 Handball and kick them around the half way line. It’s allowed. — CFCDaily (@CFCDaily) December 28, 2020 Chelsea’s bad luck continues. Aston Villa with an obvious handball to start that sequence that isn’t called#CHEAVL — The Pride of London (@PrideOLondon) December 28, 2020 I haven’t seen a foul count so one sided ever. Handball and a foul in the build up to Villa goal both ignored. — Preston (@PWill17) December 28, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.