Might have made a recent push to sign plenty of younger stars from across the globe. Facundo Pellistri and Amad Diallo recently agreed deals with the northwest club with the former already arriving at Manchester United and even included in their Champions League squad on a number of occasions. The latter remained with Atalanta and will join up with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer squad in January. United have also been linked with Ecuador international Moises Caicedo. Well-known transfer journalist for Fabrizio Romano has reported that Manchester United will soon a agree deal for the youngster. “Manchester United are in direct contact with the agents of Moises Caicedo (Indep. del Valle). The agreement on personal terms [5 years] won’t be a problem. €5m price tag. #MUFC ‘control’ the situation by weeks and will decide soon whether to complete the deal or not.” Manchester United are in direct contact with the agents of Moises Caicedo (Indep. del Valle). The agreement on personal terms [5 years] won’t be a problem. €5m price tag.#MUFC ‘control’ the situation by weeks and will decide soon wether to complete the deal or not. — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) December 23, 2020 With a focus on signing young stars it is therefore no surprise to see Manchester United linked with a move for Rapid Vienna wonderkid Yusuf Demir. 101 has recently profiled the young Austrian attacking midfielder and if you would like to find out more about the player feel free to click the link here. Still just 17 years-of-age this represents the perfect age profile which United are seemingly pursuing at the present. Even before his 18th birthday he broke into the Rapid Vienna first team and featured earlier on in the season against Arsenal at the Emirates in the Europa League. Kronen Zeitung have however reported that they will face competition for the youngsters signature with Barcelona and Ajax both seemingly interested in the Austrian youth international. Der sehenswerter Freistoßtreffer von Yusuf Demir zum zwischenzeitlichen 1:1 gegen Portugal – Stark!  #U15 #ÖFB2018 pic.twitter.com/SN7nQc2q77 — ÖFB – oefb.at (@oefb1904) April 27, 2018 Words on a value on the Austrian are yet to surface but Rapid will be determined not to let their star leave on the cheap in a league where a little money can go a long way. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.