Chelsea got back on track with a derby victory over West Ham this evening, with hitman Tammy Abraham having proven the star of the show. Frank Lampard’s men returned to Premier League action a short time ago. The Blues entered proceedings versus West Ham in desperate search of a bounce-back result, having slipped to 9th in the English top-flight table on the back of a pair of defeats. And, when all was said and done in southwest London, bounce back is precisely what Chelsea managed. Though the scoreline in the end proved somewhat flattering, the Pensioners bagged all 3 points, courtesy of a 3-0 win. Thiago Silva opened the scoring in the clash, rising highest in the visitors’ box to power a header beyond the helpless Lukasz Fabianski: “It’s a textbook header!” Moments after losing Ben Chilwell to injury, Chelsea’s spirits are lifted as they take the lead through Thiago Silva. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHEWHU here: https://t.co/LsIyBGc94s Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/PThef2DqTF — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 21, 2020 West Ham, to their credit, grew very much into proceedings after falling behind, and actually dominated the ball over lengthy stretches of both halves. David Moyes’ men, however, were unable to turn their impressive possession into a much-needed goal. And, in the end, this cost the away side dear. 12 minutes from time, Timo Werner’s scuffed strike across the box was seized upon by Tammy Abraham, who opened up his body to roll a cool finish into the West Ham net, in the process all but killing off any remaining hope of a comeback. Chelsea extend their lead! Timo Werner’s shot finds its way through to Tammy Abraham and he applies the finish to make it 2-0. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHEWHU here: https://t.co/8vnTMhIpBo Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/uqZLnVmWXv — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 21, 2020 And, just two minutes later, the Chelsea hitman was at it again. After the ball landed somewhat fortuitously in his path on the right of the Hammers’ box, Abraham made no mistake, picking out the far corner with pinpoint accuracy: And another one! Tammy Abraham quickly doubles up to make sure of victory for Chelsea. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHEWHU here: https://t.co/8vnTMhIpBo Download the @SkySports app pic.twitter.com/n4gvEuSZta — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 21, 2020 Frank Lampard’s men now sit just a point off the Premier League’s top-4. On the back of proceedings coming to a close at the Bridge this evening, it is unsurprisingly the name of one player in particular which has since grabbed the majority of the headlines. The individual in question? Tammy Abraham. English international Abraham was restored to Chelsea’s starting XI versus West Ham, having fallen somewhat out of favour of late, amid the stellar spell of form being enjoyed by Olivier Giroud. Tonight, though, the 23-year-old showcased exactly why he remains a genuine starting option for Frank Lampard, producing when his side needed him most, to kill off a game Irons side. On the back of his latest brace, meanwhile, an impressive statistic has since come to the fore online, showcasing exactly how important Abraham has actually been for Chelsea to this point in the campaign. Despite having started in just half of the Pensioners’ Premier League outings, Abraham has now netted more league goals than any other member of Lampard’s squad: Tammy Abraham has scored more Premier League goals than any other Chelsea player this season (5). Two goals in two minutes for the striker. pic.twitter.com/ez399GoK1D — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 21, 2020 Whilst one of Chelsea’s attackers was bang on form this evening, however, another once again stumbled. Timo Werner was presented with a number of extremely presentable chances versus West Ham, but simply could not manage to squeeze home his 9th of the season. In turn, another statistic, this time highlighting just how badly Werner has struggled in front of goal of late, has also been forthcoming: 7 – Timo Werner has failed to score in each of his last seven starts for Chelsea in all competitions, his longest run of starts without a goal in club competition since September 2016, between spells at Stuttgart and RB Leipzig (9). Searching. pic.twitter.com/XK4LEPrVnL — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 21, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.