Sebastian Walukiewicz joined Serie A outfit Cagliari in January of 2019. The 20-year-old moved from Pogon Szczecin, who he was subsequently loaned back to for the remainder of the campaign. Walukiewicz then eventually linked up with the Italian outfit for the 2019/20 campaign. The first half of the season saw the youngster struggle for minutes. However, by the end of 2019/20, Walukiewicz had established himself as a regular contributor for Cagliari. And the three-time capped Polish international has since carried his fine form into the current campaign. Walukiewicz has featured in every Serie A outing for Cagliari to this point in the season and, this weekend, was rewarded by the Sardinian outfit, when he put pen to paper on a new deal through to 2024: | RINNOVO#Walukiewicz firma sino al 2024.Brawo Seba, avanti insieme! https://t.co/5ot4HTUA5t#forzaCasteddu pic.twitter.com/pTfalCUItd — Cagliari Calcio (@CagliariCalcio) December 4, 2020 Despite having only just committed to fresh terms in Italy, however, the youngster has reportedly caught the eye of a number of top clubs. Several of the sides in question, meanwhile, come in the form of Premier League giants. According to a recent report from the Corriere dello Sport, all of Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are keeping an eye on the stopper. No potential transfer fee is mentioned in the piece, but, when taking into account his age, form and the fact that the starlet has just signed a new deal, Walukiewicz is unlikely to be available on the cheap. Given the fact that Man United and Liverpool could both probably do with some fresh legs at centre-back, though, perhaps we will begin to see Walukiewicz tipped for a Premier League switch on a more frequent basis as we inch closer to the winter transfer window. See also: Liverpool vs Wolves betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Brighton vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.