Chelsea striker Timo Werner has established himself as the talk of social media on Saturday night, after being found guilty of one of the worst misses fans are likely to witness all season. Frank Lampard’s men are currently locked in action with Leeds at Stamford Bridge. The Londoners headed into proceedings amid a scintillating spell of recent form, which had seen them remain undefeated in 12 straight outings across all competitions. The latest of these came on Wednesday night, when the Giroud-inspired Blues downed Sevilla by 4 goals to nil in Spain, to secure top spot in their Champions League group with a game to spare. As such, it came as something of a shock when it was Leeds who opened the scoring in southwest London this evening. A superbly worked team move on the part of the Whites eventually allowed Patrick Bamford to round Edouard Mendy, before slotting home into an empty net: WHAT A START FOR LEEDS! Patrick Bamford scores against his old club inside five minutes! Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHELEE here: https://t.co/HHD1DcZsfa Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/uQDmGoGR2w — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 5, 2020 Chelsea, to their credit, have since levelled things up, though, courtesy of than man Giroud. After being handed a 2nd-straight start on the back of his 4-goal haul during the week, the Frenchman slotted home in style just shy of the half-hour mark this evening, after latching onto a typically pinpoint Reece James delivery from the right. It was not Leeds’ opener, nor Chelsea’s equaliser, however, which proved the main talking point of an entertaining first-half at Stamford Bridge. Instead, it was an early miss of the season contender, on the part of Timo Werner. After a whipped Chelsea corner from the left was flicked on to the back post, it appeared certain that the in-form Werner was primed to level things up, with the goal at his mercy. Bizarrely, however, the German international somehow proceeded to to direct his subsequent effort away from goal, before prodding a follow-up onto the crossbar. The incident must be seen to be believed, with footage provided below: WHAT IS HE DOING?! Werner tries to stab Giroud’s goal-bound header in but ends up inadvertently clearing it off the line! Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHELEE here: https://t.co/HHD1DcZsfa Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/vTXAdUdVn0 — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 5, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.