Facundo Pellistri this weekend continued his impressive spell of recent form, in finding the net for Manchester United’s U23s in a derby meeting with City. Gifted wide-man Pellistri was of course one of a number of deadline day arrivals at Old Trafford back in October. The Uruguayan’s signing came as perhaps the most understated of the day, overshadowed by Edinson Cavani, Alex Telles and big-money fellow youngster Amad Diallo. The attacker’s early displays since settling in in Manchester, though, have showcased exactly why United opted to splash out on his signature in the first place. Pellistri possesses a host of impressive traits, combining quick feet, pace, balance and a keen eye for goal. Such characteristics, in turn, have seen the South American quickly establish himself as a regular for the Red Devils’ U23s, despite being just 18. Pellistri went on to open his account for Neil Wood’s men two weeks ago, with a fine finish versus Southampton: A first #MUFC goal for @FPellistri07! Neil Wood’s side lead Southampton 2-1 after an eventful start to the second half.#MUAcademy pic.twitter.com/2NR7jEwHyw — Manchester United (@ManUtd) December 4, 2020 This was followed by another strike in his ensuing appearance, this time for United’s U21s, when Pellistri showcased his composure to find the net versus Accrington Stanley in the EFL Trophy. And, as outlined above, 24 hours ago, the young Uruguayan made it 3 goals in his last 3 appearances. The Reds’ U23s were back in action on Sunday, in a derby meeting with Manchester City at the Leigh Sports Village. The clash eventually played out into a 2-2 draw, despite Adrian Bernabe’s early dismissal for the Citizens. Pellistri’s strike, meanwhile, came 5 minutes prior to the interval, as the 18-year-old on this occasion displayed his predatory instincts. A fine burst down the right on the part of Ethan Laird eventually saw the ball pulled back to the edge of the 6-yard box, with Pellistri having been on hand to control, before slotting home in confident fashion: HT — #MUAcademy U23s: #MUFC 2 Man City 1. Another goal for @FPellistri07 means the young Reds lead at the break, after a tight first half which saw City’s Adrian Bernabe sent off for a rash challenge. — Manchester United (@ManUtd) December 13, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.