Speculation stemming from the English media on Tuesday evening suggests that a number of the Premier League’s biggest clubs are keeping a close eye on the development of Brighton & Hove Albion star Ben White. Speculation surrounding the future of Seagulls stopper White of course proved rampant over the summer. This came on the back of a stellar campaign spent with Leeds in the Championship. White played a starring role for the Peacocks in 2019/20, starting all 46 of the club’s league outings, as Marcelo Bielsa’s men booked their spot back in the Premier League for the first time in 16 years. As such, news that the Championship title-winners held an interest in making White’s stay permanent subsequently came as little surprise. Leeds’ advances, however, were met by an unwavering stance on the part of Brighton: that the club’s gifted stopper was not for sale. This, in turn, eventually saw White put pen-to-paper on a new contract with his parent club, as the Englishman prepares to play a central role for Graham Potter’s men over the course of the season ahead: Ben White has agreed a new four-year contract with Albion, running to June 2024!  #BHAFC — Brighton & Hove Albion (@OfficialBHAFC) September 1, 2020 As outlined above, however, whilst, in the end, White was convinced to commit his long-term future to the Seagulls, his fine early-season form now looks to be piquing the interest of some of English football’s biggest clubs. The 23-year-old has started in all 10 of Brighton’s Premier League outings thus far, starring alongside the likes of Adam Webster and Lewis Dunk. In fact, as per the index rankings of the reliable Wyscout, White has stood as the division’s 4th-best performing defender to this point in the campaign – behind only Chelsea pair Thiago Silva and Kurt Zouma, and Arsenal summer addition Gabriel. Such stellar production, in turn, has inevitably begun to catch the eye, with Sky Sports reporting this evening that all of Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham have begun ‘monitoring’ the Seagulls star’s development. A January swoop on the part of any of the trio, as things stand, appears unlikely, though Brighton’s resolve could well be tested once again upon the opening of the summer window in 2021. Manchester United, Spurs and Chelsea are among a number of clubs monitoring the 23-year-old. — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 1, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.