Jose Mourinho did not take the defeat at Anfield well and told Amazon Prime’s reporters on the night that the best team lost on the night. Spurs were able to claw back an equaliser out of nothing having been pegged back by Mohamed Salah’s opener. The ever-present Heung-Min Son levelled the scores after a classic Tottenham counter attack. But the game was won in the dying minutes as Roberto Firmino’s bullet header from a corner could not be reached by Hugo Lloris. At full-time, Jurgen Klopp and Mourinho appeared to have a small confrontation with the German coach looking wildly amused with a beaming smile. “The best team lost and he disagreed but that’s his opinion,” Mourinho said. “If I behave that way on the touchline I have no chance to stay there. I am out in a minute.” The Portuguese coach has consistently praised his players for their performances this season and tonight was no different. “Very good performance, of course some mistakes, some things to improve, a very unfair result. My team told me I am right when I say from the beginning of the season we go to every match to win. We played against the champions in their stadium and we had the best chances to win.” “The team was brilliant. Today Liverpool didn’t look a team that is champion, European champion, world champion – that difference was not on the pitch.” “I told him the best team lost…” “He disagreed, but that’s his opinion!” Jose Mourinho’s post-match thoughts, including his view of the conversation with Jurgen Klopp at full-time…#PLonPrime #LIVTOT pic.twitter.com/L9Lu2N6tMS — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 16, 2020 When Klopp was told that Jose Mourinho had accused the German coach of being treated differently to himself regarding his behaviour on the touchline, he was seen visibly amused by the fact. He said, “My English is worse than I thought! All I thought he told me was that the better team lost and nothing about my behaviour on the touchline!” “Spurs will be up there until the end of the season, 100%” “Jose said to me: ‘The better team lost'” @LFC boss Jurgen Klopp gives his post-match thoughts on #LIVTOT to @GabbyLogan…#PLonPrime pic.twitter.com/9Yu8o6DZdS — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 16, 2020 Meanwhile, Klopp was hugely complimentary about young centre-half Rhys Williams who was picked to start alongside Fabinho with Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez and Joel Matip unavailable for the match. “Oh my god! Outstanding, come on Rhys Williams. You can imagine what its like, playing against the modern day Alan Shearer. They actually avoided Rhys and played against Fabinho. Rhys was there for all the second balls.” “He has the right amount of confidence for a boy his age. He kept it simple, made the right challenges and was there for all of the tackles. Absolutely incredible game.” The win take Liverpool 3 points clear of Spurs in the first pivotal meeting between the two most likely title rivals. Chelsea and City both dropped points in matchday 13 as the most unpredictable Premier League campaign continues. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.