Red Bull Salzburg standout Dominik Szoboszlai has spoken out over his future, hinting that he has not yet come to the definitive decision to join RB Leipzig. Versatile midfielder Szoboszlai has grabbed headlines across Europe of late, amid a scintillating spell of form for both club and country. The 20-year-old is widely regarded as one of the finest talents on the continent, possessing a rare blend of touch, poise, dribbling ability, deadly set-piece delivery and a real eye for goal. The latter of these traits has been on display on a particularly consistent basis over recent months, with Szoboszlai’s central role in guiding Hungary to the European Championships, despite his tender years, having unsurprisingly piqued the attention of more than a few clubs: Highlight of the day: Hungary clears off the line and goes coast-to-coast for the Dom Szoboszlai winner to send the Hungarians to Euro 2021 at the expense of Iceland. What a player.pic.twitter.com/WqBuCwXZeD — Grant Wahl (@GrantWahl) November 12, 2020 Thunderbolt Hungary midfielder Dominik Szoboszlai scored a stunning free-kick late on to give them the win over Turkey in the #NationsLeague pic.twitter.com/9jfb30yJhX — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) September 3, 2020 Amongst those named as most keen on the Salzburg standout’s services of late have included Bayern Munich, Real Madrid, AC Milan and, prominently, Arsenal. As such, it no doubt came as a blow to the aforementioned European giants, and more, when widespread reports began to surface last week, assuring that Szoboszlai had come to the decision to join RB Leipzig, with ‘only details’ remaining to be ironed out: Sky sources: Dominik Szoboszlai to Leipzig is close to being done. Player decided to join the Bundesliga side despite the interest from all over Europe. Only last details missing. Both clubs want to announce the deal before Christmas #TransferUpdate https://t.co/ZpgXa4xUym — Max Bielefeld (@Sky_MaxB) December 11, 2020 As outlined above, however, if the latest comments on the part of the Hungarian himself are anything to go by, then the situation may in fact not be as black and white as previously thought. When drawn on his future by members of the media over the weekend, Szoboszlai refused to confirm that he is all set for the Red Bull Arena, instead insisting that he ‘still has time to think’: ‘There are ongoing rumours about many clubs, the newest about Leipzig, but I still have time to think. I will make a decision which is best for myself. And I still have important games to play for Salzburg.’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.