Tottenham’s draw with Wolverhampton Wanderers has since given rise to an absolutely remarkable statistic, highlighting just how little an attacking threat the Lilywhites posed during the 2nd-half this evening. Jose Mourinho’s men made the trip to Molineux a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. Spurs headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, having fallen off the early-season title pace of late amid a stretch of just 1 point secured from an available 9. With the likes of Liverpool, Leicester and Manchester United having all dropped points already this weekend, though, the north Londoners were aware ahead of kick-off that a victory would have guided them back up to 3rd in the English top-flight table. When all was said and done at Molineux, however, Tottenham again struggled, en route to a share of the spoils. The Lilywhites actually took the lead in the clash inside the opening 60 seconds, when Tanguy Ndombele wrong-footed Rui Patricio to pick out the bottom corner of the Wolves net from the edge of the area: A superb goal from Ndombele and Tottenham take the lead inside a minute! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #WOLTOT here: https://t.co/JF450xhHplDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/Pu7RmDF0aw — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 27, 2020 The hosts, though, soon worked their way back into proceedings, before eventually being rewarded for their efforts 4 minutes from time. A whipped corner from the right was met by the arriving Romain Saiss at the front post, who went on to direct a fine glancing header beyond the helpless Hugo Lloris: Wolves’ late pressure has paid off as they level the score 1-1. All to play for in the closing minutes! Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #WOLTOT here: https://t.co/JF450xhHpl Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/zPTphMdzPy — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 27, 2020 Wolves could even have bagged all 3 points late on, but Fabio Silva mistimed his header from close range deep into injury-time. On the back of proceedings coming to a close at Molineux, much of the post-match chatter has since unsurprisingly surrounded the attacking threat, or lack thereof, posed by Spurs this evening. After taking the lead with almost their first attempt in the clash, the capital giants, over lengthy stretches, looked completely disinterested in attempting to add a 2nd, instead focused solely on not conceding an equaliser. Such tactics were no doubt put in place by Jose Mourinho, as the Portuguese tactician desperately searched for a way to get his side’s league campaign back on track. In the end, however, the negativity of the former Chelsea boss proved costly, with one statistic having since perfectly summed up just how little a threat Spurs posed over the course of the 2nd-half this evening. Remarkably, as per the reliable xG Philosophy, the visitors notched an expected goals tally of just 0.03 following the interval versus Wolves: Tottenham accumulated 0.03(xG) in the second half against Wolves. pic.twitter.com/qAE30JHy51 — The xG Philosophy (@xGPhilosophy) December 27, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.