Liverpool are not in action on Boxing day, but will instead play on December 27th. The Reds face a home tie against Sam Allardyce’s West Brom. And on paper at least, this should be a fairly easy win for the Reds. Liverpool head into the tie at Anfield, were they are unbeaten in the league for some time now, in superb form. Jurgen Klopp’s side are four points clear atop of the Premier League and the only side to have lost just once this campaign. As for West Brom, they are 19th in the league and have won just one league game in 2020/21. Jurgen Klopp would hold his pre-West Brom press conference on Thursday. Klopp discussed a number of topics in the presser, including Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian has made headlines a fair bit recently, amid claims he could depart Liverpool in the near future for Spain. Klopp though, moved to play down these links somewhat ahead of West Brom: “Mo is in a good mood, good moment, good shape. If the cameras had been here today you would have seen him laughing a lot and enjoying the session. The rest is nice for you to write about, but internally nothing really.” Klopp on Salah future: “Mo is in a good mood, good moment, good shape. If the cameras had been here today you would have seen him laughing a lot and enjoying the session. The rest is nice for you to write about, but internally nothing really.” — James Pearce (@JamesPearceLFC) December 24, 2020 The German also provided an update on Thiago, whose injury woes have seen him feature just twice this season: “Thiago made his first steps towards team training. Not involved in the full session but good steps. We can’t rush it. Shaq trained, really good. Millie, yesterday full session, today a bit adapted. We still have 2 more training days before we make decisions.” Klopp: “Thiago made his first steps towards team training. Not involved in the full session but good steps. We can’t rush it. Shaq trained, really good. Millie, yesterday full session, today a bit adapted. We still have 2 more training days before we make decisions.” — James Pearce (@JamesPearceLFC) December 24, 2020 See also: Aston Villa vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.