Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho has backed Mikel Arteta to turn things around at Arsenal, on the back of this evening’s North London Derby. Spurs played host to the Gunners a short time ago, in the weekend’s marquee Premier League fixture. The two sides of course headed into proceedings amid altogether differing recent spells of form, with the hosts having been aiming to take their place back atop the English top-flight, and Arsenal languishing in the bottom half of the table. As such, when all was said and done in the capital, it came as little surprise to see Jose Mourinho’s men emerge with all 3 points. Tottenham took the lead inside 15 minutes, when a moment of individual brilliance on the part of Heung-min Son saw the South Korean pick out the far corner of Bernd Leno’s net from distance: OH MY! WHAT A PEACH! Harry Kane and Son Heung-Min combine once again, and the finish is absolutely stunning from the South Korean. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #TOTARS here: https://t.co/pR3pSThJRE Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/quSjdyYR4T — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 6, 2020 And the evening’s scoring was rounded out on the stroke of the interval, when Son this time turned provider, teeing up strike partner Harry Kane to lash home off the underside of the crossbar: SON  KANE  GOAL It’s that combination again! An emphatic finish from Harry Kane doubles Tottenham’s lead on the stroke of half-time. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #TOTARS here: https://t.co/pR3pSThJRE Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/WXD4igof9O — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 6, 2020 On the back of proceedings coming to a close in north London, meanwhile, it has since come as little surprise to see Mikel Arteta heavily targeted by fans and the media alike. Arsenal have now remarkably fallen to defeat in 5 of their last 7 in the Premier League, with the Gunners on the verge of a full-blown crisis. As outlined above, however, one individual who has been quick to provide his full backing to the Spaniard is none other than his opposite number in the dugout in north London. Speaking after watching his side get one over on their illustrious neighbours, Jose Mourinho was keen to highlight just how impressed he was by Arsenal’s display, assuring that the Emirates outfit will soon return to their former glories under Arteta’s guidance: ‘I want to give a good word, congratulations to Mikel. Because he gave us a very difficult game. Tactically they are very good. They are very well organised. They were trying to find the triangles on the side. They gave us problems.’ ‘Sometimes you don’t do what you want to do because your opponent forces you in a certain direction. With Mikel, Arsenal will be Arsenal again’ “I want to give good words to Mikel, he gave us a very difficult game. Tactically they are very good. They gave us problems because they are a good team and he is a good coach” Jose Mourinho praises Mikel Arteta in his post-match interview pic.twitter.com/8CpFl0xTVr — Football Daily (@footballdaily) December 6, 2020 Elsewhere on the Arsenal front, Arteta has provided his take on the since widely-discussed moment of madness involving Thomas Partey in the buildup to Spurs’ game-clinching 2nd of the evening. As the clash entered first-half injury time, the hosts burst forward with trademark intent and vigour. Partey, however, had actually just made his way off the field of play. Upon the ball making its way into the Arsenal half, Mikel Arteta, in turn, opted to physically push the Ghanaian back into proceedings, in a bid to prevent a hammer blow mere seconds before he was due to provide a key half-time team-talk. Partey, though, did not make it far, immediately pulling up once more, as it became clear that the midfield all-rounder was in no state to continue. As such, speaking during his own post-match press conference this evening, the Arsenal boss was inevitably drawn on his role in the incident, with Arteta having gone on to explain: Arteta on Partey: “I was trying to push him. I don’t think he realised the gravity of the situation when he left his position. It was too quick. I think it was a four against three situation for us and suddenly they are coming to us and Thomas was walking to me.” — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) December 6, 2020 On Partey’s wellbeing, meanwhile, the Spaniard added: Arteta on Partey: “He is injured and it is in the same area unfortunately [as previous thigh problem]. We don’t know how bad it is.” — James Olley (@JamesOlley) December 6, 2020 Liverpool vs Wolverhampton Wanderers live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Arsenal tipped to be Dominik Szoboszlai’s preference over RB Leipzig as another interested party become known Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.