Sheffield Wednesday star Moses Odubajo has this evening been forced to take to social media, on the back of the heavy backlash surrounding his reaction to Barnsley’s 2nd goal versus his side. Tony Pulis’ men made the trip to the City Ground a short time ago, for their latest Championship outing. The Owls headed into proceedings amid a frankly dreadful run of form, having not managed a single win across their last 8 outings. This unsurprisingly left Wednesday sitting dead bottom of the English 2nd-tier ahead of kick-off, with just 9 points on the board. As such, it subsequently came as little surprise when the visitors fell to yet another defeat in Nottinghamshire this evening. Yuri Ribeiro’s opener set Forest on their way inside the first five minutes, before Lewis Grabban made sure of all 3 points for the hosts late on, courtesy of a fine right-footed strike. Back on the pitch, back among the goals  #NFFC pic.twitter.com/mQIvkz3ggz — Nottingham Forest FC (@NFFC) December 15, 2020 Whilst the eventual result of course proved far from what they had hope for this evening, however, as outlined above, their side’s latest defeat is not what has since seen Sheffield Wednesday’s fans take to social media in their droves. Instead, it was the reaction of one of the club’s stars to Forest’s 2nd of the night. In footage which has since gone viral, in the immediate aftermath of his side conceding, Moses Odubajo was spotted with a large grin across his face, before high-fiving goalscorer Grabban. This is evidently not the kind of behaviour expected of a player in any situation at any level of football, which, when taking into account the problems facing his side at present, made Odubajo’s actions even more alarming. The Owls faithful, in turn, had since absolutely torn into their right-back, with some having gone as far as to call for Odubajo to never pull on the club’s colours again. But the 27-year-old himself has since taken to social media himself, in an attempt to explain himself. In a series of tweets posted in the aftermath of the clash, Odubajo assured that his actions only came under the assumption that Forest’s clincher was set to be disallowed, before reiterating his full commitment to the Wednesday cause: The loss is frustrating for myself and the team. I would never high 5 another player for scoring against us. I said to Grabban no way is that a goal because of the foul and laughed it off thinking the goal wouldn’t stand. 1/3 — Moses Odubajo (@Moses_28) December 15, 2020 We’re bottom of the league. No one at the club wants relegation and there’s no chance I would celebrate a goal that keeps us at the bottom. 2/3 — Moses Odubajo (@Moses_28) December 15, 2020 Out of context, videos can be misconstrued. I hope I’ve cleared it up with the fans who doubted my commitment to the team. 3/3 — Moses Odubajo (@Moses_28) December 15, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.