Chelsea have this evening been dealt a concerning blow on the injury front, after Hakim Ziyech was forced off during the Blues’ meeting with Leeds. Frank Lampard’s men are currently locked in action with the Peacocks at Stamford Bridge. The hosts headed into proceedings amid a stellar spell of recent form, remaining unbeaten in their prior 12 outings across all competitions. As such, it came as something of a surprise when it was the visitors who took the lead this evening. With just 5 minutes on the clock, a wonderfully worked team move from Leeds eventually saw Patrick Bamford slipped through to round Edouard Mendy, and slot home into an empty net: WHAT A START FOR LEEDS! Patrick Bamford scores against his old club inside five minutes! Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHELEE here: https://t.co/HHD1DcZsfa Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/uQDmGoGR2w — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 5, 2020 Chelsea, though, have since showcased their new-found resilience, to turn the clash on its head. First, just shy of the half-hour mark, Reece James’ pinpoint ball from the right was directed home by Olivier Giroud, to make it 5 goals in the Frenchman’s last two appearances. Then, with 15 minutes gone in the 2nd-half, Kurt Zouma rose highest in the Leeds box to nod home Mason Mount’s corner. As such, as things stand deep in the 2nd-half at Stamford Bridge, Lampard’s hosts are all set to take their place atop the Premier League table. One concern on an otherwise positive evening from a Blues perspective thus far, however, has come on the personnel front. Just moments after Giroud had levelled things up in the first-half, it became apparent that Hakim Ziyech was struggling with what appeared to be a hamstring problem. The Moroccan, who has of course been in such fine form of late, was subsequently seen to by the Pensioners’ medical staff, before limping off to be replaced by Christian Pulisic. We’ve been forced into our first change. 1-1  [30′] #CHELEE pic.twitter.com/1G0N9GDLWX — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 5, 2020 Chelsea’s fans now face an anxious wait for an update on the wellbeing of their gifted summer addition. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.