The futures of Neymar and Kylian Mbappe have been of great debate over the past year. Barcelona had been linked with a move for their former Brazilian star after having the ex-Santos prodigy snatched from them when the Paris-based club activated the £200 million buyout clause in his contract. Meanwhile, Real Madrid have long been tipped to favour a move for Mbappe and bring the ultimate ‘Galactico’ signing to the Bernabeu after Eden Hazard has failed, mainly through an poor injury record, to fill the shoes of Cristiano Ronaldo who left for Juventus. However, the scales may have now turned in PSG’s favour after the PSG owner Nasser Al Khelaifi has said, “We’ve opened talks to keep Mbappé and Neymar. I’m confident because they want to stay here.” Nasser Al Khelaifi, #PSG owner, exclu @RMCsport : “We’ve opened talks to keep #Mbappé and #Neymar. I’m confident because they want to stay here”. — Mohamed Bouhafsi (@mohamedbouhafsi) December 9, 2020 PSG’s ultimate goal is to of course win the Champions League and the likelihood of that happening without the additional support of Mbappe and Neymar would be severely worsened. The Parisians not only want to secure the extensions of their stars but also build on the quality base they have constructed. The good news for PSG is that Neymar has come out with some positive comments about his situation at the club. Recently the Brazilian forward came out and spoke about his desire to once again play with Lionel Messi. “What I want most of all is to play with Messi again, to be able to enjoy him once again on the pitch,” Neymar said. “He can play in my place, I have no problem with that! But I want to play with him next year, for sure. We have to do it next season.” As mentioned, there had been links of the Blaugrana looking to bring Neymar back to the Camp Nou, however, it seems the French capital club could again look to snatch a Barca star and the brightest one of all in Messi. The Argentine’s contract expires at the end of the current season allowing the 34-year-old to move wherever he chooses but for what will likely be a serious signing-on fee and wage. The best news regarding Neymar is the 28-year-old is that he has categorically said that he does ‘not want to leave the Parc des Princes.’ I’m so happy here in Paris with the club and with my teammates. I don’t want to leave PSG,” said Neymar. Neymar to RMC Sport: “I’m so happy here in Paris with the club and with my teammates. I don’t want to leave PSG!”. @mohamedbouhafsi  #PSG #UCL — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) December 9, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.