William Saliba’s situation at Arsenal has been unideal for the Frenchman who has found his £27 million move to the Gunners situate him in the side’s under-23 squad. Not included in Arteta’s Europa League team, Saliba and Arteta were reportedly ‘frustrated’ with the situation. “I’m fed up with the situation because as you could see, we tried to find a way in the last few days [of the transfer window] to give him some football,” Arteta said several weeks ago. “I explained that he needed that transition year when we decided to buy him and send him on loan to Saint-Etienne. For many reasons, that didn’t happen and he didn’t have that transition year.” However, it now appears certain that the 19-year-old will be going out on loan this January to gain further senior experience. Arsenal are tipped to be meeting with Saliba to go through the ‘various options’ which have presented themselves with ‘loads of interest’ in the player according to The Daily Telegraph’s Sam Dean. Expectation is that #AFC defender William Saliba will indeed go out on loan in January. I’m told there’s loads of interest — club and player set to go through the various options in the coming days. — Sam Dean (@SamJDean) December 2, 2020 Arsenal signed Saliba from St Etienne and a possible loan move back to the French club at the start of the 2020/21 season reportedly broke down. The French club blamed Arsenal for failing to get the deal done before the deadline. The club released the following statement: ‘Long before the transfer window closed, AS Saint-Etienne had reached an agreement with William Saliba and accepted Arsenal’s offer for a one-season loan. Unfortunately, all the administrative conditions could not be met in time, in England, for the completion of the deal. The disappointment is great for ASSE and William Saliba, who was particularly determined to return to a club where he has flourished.’ Now former Arsenal full-back and current St Etienne player Mathieu Debuchy has said he and the club would happily welcome Saliba back to the club. “William… we know his qualities. He was very impressive at Saint Etienne. Unfortunately for him at Arsenal the start didn’t go the way he wanted it to, I think. There is William, there is Wesley [Fofana], these are two defenders who left us and who did incredibly well so it was loss,” said the former Newcastle man. “If William wants to come back this winter he will be welcome and he will have the advantage of knowing the team.” AU COEUR DES CLUBS [EXCLU] Deux ou trois nouveaux joueurs ? un retour de William #Saliba ? Face à l’urgence de la situation du côté de l’@ASSEofficiel, @MatDebuchy, capitaine des Verts, espère que le club se renforcera au mercato d’hiver !#TelefootLaChaine pic.twitter.com/FrULkoQmzC — TELEFOOT LA CHAINE DU FOOT (@telefoot_chaine) November 26, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.