Chelsea played out their penultimate Champions League group stage game of the season on Wednesday night. The Blues faced off with Sevilla in a key clash that could have and did, decide who topped Group E. And when all was said and done in Spain, it would be Chelsea who emerged with the three points. A spectacular display on the part of Olivier Giroud saw the Londoners net four and secure top spot in their group. shots on target. goals. Clinical, @_OlivierGiroud_!  https://t.co/l8VwMpPFL3 pic.twitter.com/gfJ2bcMHep — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 3, 2020 Following their last triumph, former Chelsea player and manager Glen Hoddle has made a rather bold claim about Frank Lampard’s side. When discussing the Champions League and potential favourites, Hoddle stated that Liverpool and Manchester City are there or thereabouts. Interestingly, though, Hoddle went on to claim Chelsea should also be viewed as a key player in this season’s competition and are above both Barcelona and Real Madrid: “Looking at the teams that are there, obviously Liverpool and Manchester City, they are going to be there or thereabouts. “For City it’s their No.1 priority, whether they tell you that or not, they want to win the Champions League. “You can’t look past Bayern Munich because they are so powerful but you have got to put Chelsea up there. For me at this moment, they are above Barcelona and above Real Madrid. “They are two massive clubs but Chelsea’s team is better than theirs. “In this moment in time I think they have got to be looking at going to at least the semi-final and when you get to a semi-final, anything can happen.” Quotes via Goal. Barcelona have already secured top spot in their CL group, though Madrid may not even qualify yet after losing 2-0 to Shakhtar earlier this week. See also: Burnley vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Championship betting tips: Gameweek 16 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.