Hertha Berlin starlet Omar Rekik has this evening seemingly confirmed that he is set to join Premier League giants Arsenal. Rekik, a central defender who can also play in midfield, has long been viewed as one of the most highly regarded young talents in Germany. The stopper previously spent time honing his craft as part of the youth setups of all of Feyenoord, Manchester City, PSV and Marseille. With brother Karim, who has since departed the German capital to join Sevilla, having been on the books of Hertha Berlin, though, Omar opted to link up with the Bundesliga outfit in the summer of 2018. And it is with Die Alte Dame that Rekik has gone on to showcase exactly what a top defender he looks primed to develop into. Highlighting just how impressive the 18-year-old’s performances have been over the last couple of years is the fact that, despite his tender years, Rekik has already established himself as a senior Tunisian international. In turn, it came as little surprise to hear of interest in the gifted stopper’s services begin to mount this past summer. Chief among a host of clubs tipped as admirers of Rekik’s talents, meanwhile, were Premier League giants Arsenal. As such, it no doubt came as music to the ears of the Gunners faithful when, last month, word began to spread that their side were not only stepping up their interest, but closing on a deal for the Hertha starlet. In fact, some outlets went as far as to claim that an agreement was in place to take Rekik to the Emirates in January. And, as outlined above, if the latest social media activity on the part of the Dutch-born Tunisian international is anything to go by, then such reports look set to be proven correct. In a post on his official Instagram account a short time ago, Rekik revealed a photo of himself touching down on a flight to London, with the general assumption that a move to Arsenal is now set to be announced imminently: Omar Rekik has arrived in London (spotted by @averagegunner). 18-year-old Hertha Berlin centre-back set to officially complete his move to Arsenal in January. He’s set to be part of the U23 squad initially. pic.twitter.com/WTwPR2Tsnr — Jeorge Bird (@jeorgebird) December 17, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.