The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance to the least developed countries. It promotes technical and investment cooperation among nations. Headquartered in New York City, the status of UNDP is that of an executive board within the United Nations General Assembly. The UNDP is funded entirely by voluntary contributions from UN member states. The organization operates in 177 countries, where it works with local governments to meet development challenges and develop local capacity. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job ID: 33872Location: Rann, BornoPractice Area – Job Family: Management – SecurityGrade: G6Vacancy Type: FTA LocalPosting Type: Common SystemContract Duration: 1 Year with possibility for extension Background Duties and Responsibilities Assists the CSA / FSCO in collecting, updating and communicating information regarding the security situation in the AoR: Assists in maintaining the Security Plan, including updating staff lists: Assists the CSA/FSCO with the monitoring of the security measures implementation as recommended in the Security Risks Management (SRM) process for the AoR: Performs other security-related tasks assigned by the CSA/FSCO: Provides general administrative assistance to the SA / FSCO: Impact of Results: Competencies Planning and Organizing: Creativity: Teamwork: Communication: Required Skills and ExperienceEducation: Experience: Language Requirements: Other Skills and Requirements: Application Closing Date15th December, 2020 (Midnight New York, USA). The post Local Security Assistant at the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.