Mason Mount’s starring role in Chelsea’s win over Leeds United tonight has since been summed up by a pair of hugely impressive statistics. Frank Lampard’s Blues welcomed the Whites to Stamford Bridge a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings amid a remarkable spell of form, remaining unbeaten in their last 12 outings across all competitions, the latest of which saw Sevilla downed by 4 goals to nil during the week. In turn, Chelsea were no doubt fully aware ahead of kick-off that a 3-point haul would see them take their place atop the Premier League table. And, when all was said and done in southwest London, this is precisely what the Pensioners managed. An action-packed 90 minutes eventually saw the home side emerge on the right side of a 3-1 scoreline. It was actually Leeds who took the lead in the clash, when, with just 5 minutes on the clock, a superbly worked team move slipped Patrick Bamford through to round Edouard Mendy, and slot home into an empty net: WHAT A START FOR LEEDS! Patrick Bamford scores against his old club inside five minutes! Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHELEE here: https://t.co/HHD1DcZsfa Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/uQDmGoGR2w — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 5, 2020 Chelsea, though, soon showcased their new-found resiliency, levelling things up with 27 minutes on the clock, after Olivier Giroud got on the end of Reece James’ pinpoint delivery from the right. And, just past the hour mark, the comeback was complete. Kurt Zouma was the goalscorer on this occasion, rising highest to nod home Mason Mount’s whipped corner: ZOUMA NODS CHELSEA AHEAD Kurt Zouma climbs highest at the corner and powers the header home. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #CHELEE here: https://t.co/HHD1DcZsfa Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/3n1AUUGpFk — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 5, 2020 The evening’s scoring was then rounded out deep into injury-time, when a Chelsea breakaway saw Timo Werner’s low ball across the face slid home by substitute Christian Pulisic. The impressive nature of Chelsea’s latest display, which, as outlined above, has since guided the capital giants clear of the pack to the Premier League’s summit, has since been summed up by the following statistic: 4.1 – Chelsea’s expected goals tally of 4.1 against Leeds tonight was the highest xG for a side in a single Premier League game so far this season. Peppered. #CHELEE pic.twitter.com/aFY5ZVA2nZ — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 5, 2020 As such, on the back of such a dominant performance, it should come as little surprise to hear that a number of Frank Lampard’s stars impressed on an individual level this evening. The likes of Thiago Silva, N’Golo Kante and Olivier Giroud all excelled, playing central roles in the eventual result. The contributions of one player which may have gone somewhat under the radar versus Leeds, however, were those of Mason Mount. 21-year-old Mount was handed yet another start at the heart of the Blues’ midfield tonight, and, as he has done so often of late, went on to excel. The English international’s increasingly mature displays this season have often been characterised by neat and tidy passing, and a work-rate 2nd to none. Against Leeds, however, what stood out were Mount’s creative exploits. As outlined above, the Chelsea youth product was responsible for setting up Zouma’s go-ahead header. His chance creation this evening, though, stemmed far beyond just Mount’s latest assist, as showcased by the hugely impressive stats below: Mason Mount created seven chances against Leeds, the most by a Chelsea player in a single PL game this season. No Blues player has created more in a game across the past five seasons. pic.twitter.com/MxA2QNOMNO — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 5, 2020 Mason Mount also completed six crosses against Leeds, no Chelsea player has completed more in a PL game across the past five seasons. Pin-point accuracy.  pic.twitter.com/lX9992FrMy — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 5, 2020 Elsewhere on the Chelsea front, meanwhile, Frank Lampard has provided an update on the wellbeing of Hakim Ziyech. Moroccan creator Ziyech was forced off during the first-half of action this evening, after going to ground with a muscle problem. And Lampard has since confirmed that the summer arrival at Stamford Bridge has picked up a hamstring injury, the extent of which will be established on Sunday: Lampard on Ziyech’s injury: “It is a hamstring injury which we will find out about tomorrow. It isn’t good in a difficult period.” #CFC #CHELEE — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) December 5, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.