Oleksandr Zinchenko joined Manchester City in 2016. And, following a brief loan spell with PSV, the Ukrainian returned to the Etihad in 2017 to fight for his place amongst City’s ranks. The midfielder-turned-full-back has since gone on to feature 73 times across all competitions for the Citizens, notching two goals and five assists along the way. However, he has never really been able to hold down a regular starting spot for Pep Guardiola’s side. This season, for example, has seen Joao Cancelo largely dominate the left side of City’s backline, with Zinchenko only afforded a bit-part role. In fact, to this point in the campaign, the stopper has garnered just 12 minutes of Premier League action. So, with the January window fast approaching, it shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise to see Zinchenko linked with a move away from Manchester. Wolves are one club to have previously been linked with the City man, back in 2018. And such links have since re-emerged this weekend. As per a report from the Daily Star, the Molineux outfit are ready to renew their interest in Zinchenko. Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo is said to admire the technical ability possessed by the 23-year-old, as well as the fact that he can operate in defence and midfield. No potential transfer fee is mentioned for Zinchenko, who has around three and a half years left on his current deal at the Etihad. But, considering his lack of recent game-time, Wolves would likely not be forced to part with an overly hefty sum to land the Ukrainian. Wolves to renew interest in Man City defender Oleksandr Zinchenko this January https://t.co/Ro1r9P041c — Daily Star Sport (@DailyStar_Sport) December 13, 2020 See also: 5 strikers Arsenal could sign to provide aerial threat as Arteta’s crossing tactics fall short Injury-stricken Liverpool miss chance to go top of Premier League following sluggish showing vs Fulham Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.