Arsenal fans will be excited to learn that Mikel Arteta has spoke positively about a possible incoming senior appearance for William Saliba. The French midfielder signed from St Etienne in 2019 for £27 million and returned on loan to the French side for the remainder of the season. However, upon his return, the club were unsure how to integrate Saliba into the senior setup. His time in France was interrupted by both injury and the Covid pandemic which ultimately curtailed the Ligue 1 campaign. Saliba was tipped to go on loan and as such was left out of Arsenal’s Europa League squad. However, a loan never materialised despite St Etienne coach Claude Puel claiming that they had agreed with the Gunners to take him back. Since, Saliba has played for the under 21 and 23 sides in the EFL Cup and Premier League 2, even being sent off in the club’s recent loss to Wimbledon in the cup competition. Saliba is sent off for Arsenal U21 after an over the top challenge meant no option but a red card. pic.twitter.com/9zMlcG5I75 — Layth (@laythy29) December 8, 2020 Arteta has spoke of his and the player’s frustration about his situation and a loan in January seemed likely. But Arteta’s latest press conference appears to have changed everything. When asked about Saliba’s future at the club, Arteta said that he felt the Frenchman was ‘ready’ and it could therefore be possible to see him in the Arsenal Premier League squad very soon. Saying, “we believe he is ready to play with us.” This will come as a big boost top both the Frenchman and many Arsenal fans who have been desperate to see the big-money signing in action, fearful his time at the club may not turn out positive. Asked Arteta about William Saliba and when we can expect to see him play for the first team. Says he made big improvements and “we believe he is ready to play with us”. Hasn’t decided whether he’ll be going on loan in January yet.https://t.co/ndmsYg89N4 — Chris Wheatley (@ChrisWheatley_) December 9, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.