The Center for Clinical Care and Clinical Research is an indigenous, non-profit organization that promotes best practices in health care delivery, medical training and research using locally adapted models of health systems strengthening. CCCRN has established a formidable presence in Nigeria. With the headquarters in Federal Capital Territory and field offices in its operational states, CCCRN built a vast network of health and allied professional staff, partners and collaborators. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Calabar Municipal, Cross River OverviewThe Integrated Child Health and Social Service Award ICHSSA 1 is a newly awarded five-year agreement by USAID, commenced on December 19, 2019. ICHSSA 1 is implemented by Center for Clinical Care and Research Nigeria (CCCRN). The project will ensure that Orphans and Vulnerable Children (OVC) are cared for and protected by their households, communities, and local and state government to reduce their vulnerability to HIV. The project expected results is highlighted as follows: CCCRN and its partner organization intend to implement the IMsafer sexual violence prevention curriculum in Cross State. IMpower is founded in Kenya, and implemented successfully across African and the United States, IMpower is a dual-gender program that teaches girls to set boundaries, stand up and defend themselves and boys to challenge rape culture, ask for consent and intervene in attack. Research has shown the IMpower program drops rape rates by 50%, which has led to endorsements from the World Health Organization, the CDC, UNICEF and the Global Partnership to End Violence Against Children. Position Description 4-Week Training Expectations for Certification Position Responsibilities Requirements Knowledge: Desired Skills: Background: Application Closing Date6th January 2021. The post Male IMsafer Instructor at the Center for Clinical Care and Clinical Research (CCCRN) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.