Chelsea boss Frank Lampard this evening spoke out over the fitness of both Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi, on the back of his side’s defeat to Wolves. The Blues made the trip to Molineux a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. Chelsea headed into proceedings seeking a bounce-back performance and result, having seen a scintillating spell of recent form brought to an end at Everton over the weekend. When all was said and done, however, the woes of the capital giants only deepened, en route to a 2-1 defeat. Lampard’s men actually took the lead in the clash, when Olivier Giroud’s volleyed effort somehow squeezed under the body of Rui Patricio. Wolves, though, pulled level a short time later, courtesy of a moment of individual brilliance from Daniel Podence: What a strike Daniel Podence puts @Wolves on level terms with a majestic equaliser!#PLonPrime #WOLCHE pic.twitter.com/5cuXa7RdXF — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 15, 2020 Then, just when it looked as though the spoils were destined to be shared, a breakaway from the hosts deep into injury-time saw Pedro Neto pick out the far corner of Edouard Mendy’s net, with essentially the last kick of the game. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HAESNxljprU" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> Chelsea’s concerning defeat this evening came amid a 2nd-straight lacklustre attacking display on the part of Lampard’s outfit. The Blues, as proved the case over the weekend, looked completely lacking in ideas at times versus Wolves. This came with two key members of the club’s frontline, in the form of Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi, having played no part, due to respective injury concerns. In turn, on the back of proceedings coming to a close at Molineux, Frank Lampard was inevitably asked for the latest on the fitness of both players. And the news proved somewhat mixed, with the Chelsea boss having confirmed that though Ziyech and Hudson-Odoi look set to return to training by the end of the week, their participation versus West Ham next Monday remains up in the air: I asked Lampard about Ziyech and Hudson-Odoi – he says both should be back in training before the end of the week, but he’s not sure if they’ll be available for West Ham #CFC — Liam Twomey (@liam_twomey) December 15, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.