Tottenham starlet Ryan Sessegnon continued his fine spell of form for Hoffenheim on Saturday, in finding the net during the club’s meeting with Borussia Monchengladbach. 20-year-old Sessegnon of course made the move to north London in the summer of 2019, after dazzling for boyhood club Fulham in the Championship. However, a difficult debut campaign with Jose Mourinho’s men, during which he struggled for both form and fitness, eventually saw it decided that a loan move away from the club would best aid the Englishman’s development. In turn, Sessegnon made the move to Germany, following in the footsteps of the likes of Reiss Nelson and Jadon Sancho before him. And recent weeks have seen the versatile wide-man begin to showcase exactly why a Bundesliga switch proved just what the doctor ordered when it comes to getting his development back on track. Sessegnon has been afforded starts in Hoffenheim’s last 8 league outings, establishing himself as a key member of Sebastian Hoeneß’s XI. Last month even saw the youngster voted the fans’ Player of the Month at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena: Means a lot to have been voted by the fans as the @tsghoffenheim Player of the Month and appreciate all the support I’ve been given since joining. Enjoying being a part of the team and will keep working hard to achieve our goals for this season. Vielen Dank!   #TSG pic.twitter.com/jpkFvbpaI4 — Ryan Sessegnon (@RyanSessegnon) December 2, 2020 As outlined above, meanwhile, Sessegnon’s latest telling contribution for Hoffenheim came on Saturday evening. Die Kraichgauer made the trip to Borussia Monchengladbach, for a Bundesliga showdown. The clash subsequently proved a hard-fought one, but the visitors nevertheless managed to emerge with all 3 points. And it was Sessegnon who proved the star of the show. After Andrej Kramaric had cancelled out Lars Stindl’s first-half penalty, Spurs’ young loanee stepped up to bag a winner with less than 5 minutes remaining. A ball across the face of goal saw Sessegnon steal in at the back post, controlling well with his left foot, before directing a clever improvised finish high into the Gladbach net: What a moment that is for Ryan Sessegnon His second goal since joining Hoffenheim is an 86th winner against Gladbach! The youngster on loan from Spurs having an impact  pic.twitter.com/YbRfqwf49K — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 19, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.