The recent increase in banks’ Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to 27.5 percent may frustrate the drive by the apex bank to increase credit allocation and stimulate growth in the real sector. Bismarck Rewane, Chief Executive Officer, Financial Derivatives Company (FDC) stated this in his January 2020 Lagos Business School (LBS) Breakfast session themed: “Adapt or Perish – Alice Hills: It is not just about Sustainability but Economic Reality”, describing the move as apparent contradictions in monetary policy. CRR is the share of a bank’s total deposit maintained with the CBN in the form of liquid cash. Recall that the CBN had in its bid to increase banks’ lending to the real sector last year, raised the Loan-to-Deposit (LDR) of the banks twice. After raising the lending benchmark to 60 percent in June, the apex bank, again, raised the LDR to 65 percent and gave the Deposit Money Banks up to December 31, 2019 to comply even as it is believed that another increase is in the offing. However, at the end of the last Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) meeting in January, the CBN increased the CRR by 500 basis points to 27.5 percent from the initial 22.5 percent in an attempt to mop liquidity from the banking system and curtail inflation. But, speaking at the last LBS Breakfast session, Rewane observed that the move is counter-productive, saying that it clashes with competing objective of stimulating lending. “After months of unorthodox measures compelling banks to extend credit, MPC raised CRR by 500bps to 27.5 percent with other parameters unchanged. Though aimed at reducing excess banking sector liquidity in an attempt to curtail inflationary pressures and increase interest rates, CRR hike mops up N1.4 trillion (5.17 percent of M2) from banking system. Hike in CRR would drain banks of funds they would use to create loans,” he said. Vanguard Nigeria News The post Hike in CRR may impair credit allocation to real sector — Rewane appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Cost of funds spikes by 313% CBN By Babajide Komolafe The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, yesterday, deducted N650 billion from the account of some banks as Cash Reserve Ratio, CRR, the levy for failure to meet the 65 per cent Loan to Deposit Ratio, LDR. This resulted in a… December 26, 2019 In "News" CBN By Michael Eboh  The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, yesterday, retained the 65 per cent Loan to Deposit Ratio, LDR, for commercial banks in Nigeria. In a circular dated January 7, 2020, signed by Director of Banking Supervision, Mr Ahmad Abdullahi, CBN said it decided to retain LDR at… January 9, 2020 In "News" Tribune Online 60% LDR: Top banks to increase loan book before Sept. 30 —Analysis INDICATIONS have emerged that going by their first quarter (Q1) 2019 financial reports, First Bank of Nigeria Holdings (FBNH), United Bank for Africa (UBA), Zenith Bank and Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB) are among the top tier… July 8, 2019 In "News"