Delta Governor, Senator (Dr.) Ifeanyi Okowa, on Sunday charged Nigerians to extol God always to enable Him bless the nation and people more. He gave the charge at a thanksgiving service for Chief Efe Afe, member of House of Representatives, representing Uvwie, Okpe, Sapele constituency at Omega Fire Ministries, Effurun. According to Okowa God will always reward those who give Him thanks. He commended the lawmaker for recognising that power came from God. “I want to thank God for this day; whatever we are today is because of God; no one can give position except it comes from God. “Hon. Afe, it is good that you have come to give thanks to Him; that is what is expected of a good Christian, because what God requires is patience as He knows the right time to act. “I believe that for each and everyone of us who has recognised the roles God is playing in our path, He will not let us down,” Okowa said. In his sermon earlier, the Resident Pastor of the church, Goodluck Ebireri, urged Christians to have faith in God no matter the circumstances. He said, “no matter the chanlleges, you must have faith in God because with your faith in Him, He will preserve your life.” The Deputy Governor, Mr Burutu Otuaro, Speaker of the state’s House of Assembly, Chief Sheriff Oborovweri, Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Chief Ndudi Elumelu, were among dignitaries who graced the event. The post Extol God always, Okowa urges Nigerians appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard LEADERSHIP : …Seeks Assembly’s co-operation for a stronger Delta Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, has congratulated the member representing Okpe Constituency, Rt. Hon. Sheriff Oborevwori and his Ukwuani Constituency counterpart, Hon. Ochor Christopher Ochor on their election as Speaker and Deputy Speaker of the 7th Delta State House of… June 10, 2019 In "Gists" Delta State Governor, Senator Dr Ifeanyi Okowa yesterday, inspected the ongoing reconstruction work on Warri/Sapele road describing the road as very vital to the socio-economic life of Deltans. The governor who inspected the Effurun axis of the road in Uvwie local government area of the state, expressed satisfaction with the… January 24, 2019 In "News" By Festus Ahon DELTA State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, yesterday, told politicians in the country to cultivate the habit of thanking God irrespective of their political gains. Speaking at Evwreni during the thanksgiving ceremony of a former member representing Ughelli North Local Government Constituency I, at the State House of… January 27, 2020 In "News"