Delta governor, Sen. (Dr) Ifeanyi Okowa, has decried renewed attacks by suspected herdsmen on Avwon, Agadama, Ohoror and other communities of Uwheru Kingdom, Ughelli North Local Government Area of the state. According to reports from the communities, herdsmen accompanied by unidentified army personnel stormed the communities in an unprovoked attack that has become an annual routine, killed no fewer than eight persons and injured many others. The reports revealed that the crisis started on Thursday and that as at Saturday, lives and property, including farms, had been lost. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, in Asaba, the governor flayed the crisis which had resulted in unwarranted killings of innocent locals. He called for restraint from the warring parties, saying that he had directed the Commissioner of Police and the Brigade Commander, 63 Brigade, Nigerian Army, Asaba, to as a matter of urgency ensure that peace was restored to the communities. Okowa also charged authorities of the Nigerian Army to investigate the alleged involvement of its personnel in the crisis and fish them out. He appealed to the communities to remain calm and peaceful while security agencies “investigate the root cause of the crisis with a view to bringing the culprits to justice’’. “The unwarranted attacks and killing of innocent locals in Avwon, Agadama and Ohoror communities of Uwheru kingdom in Ughelli North Local Government Area and the wickedness of suspected criminal herdsmen alleged to be aided and abetted by unidentified military personnel are mindless. “I, however, appeal to the affected communities to remain calm and peaceful. I commiserate with the communities and families on the unfortunate loss of their loved ones. “I have directed the Commissioner of Police and the Brigade Commander, 63 Brigade, Nigerian Army, to rise to the occasion and bring the culprits to justice. “As a state, our people have been very receptive to herdsmen and other visitors, but our hospitality and welcoming disposition should not be taken as act of cowardice. “The state government will continue to encourage peaceful and harmonious relations between Deltans and their visitors, but will not watch outsiders attack and kill our people any longer,” the governor stated. The post Herdsmen Attack: Okowa calls for calm in Uwheru appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard *BNC, Esan youths to embark on procession with coffins *Herdsmen’ve seized 3 communities in Delta — Okowa *Urges security agencies to tackle menace By Simon Ebegbulem, Festus Ahon, Gabriel Enogholase BENIN— Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State  has ordered the arrest of the bandits responsible for the death of three… March 19, 2018 In "News" Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa DELTA State governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa has said that youths from Aladja and Ogbe-Ijoh communities in Udu and Warri South-West local government areas will be conscripted into vigilance committees to consolidate on the peace that has been achieved in the area. The governor made… May 2, 2018 In "News" By Onozure Dania A political pressure group , Uwheru Political Movement, UPM, has been inaugurated to direct and  chart a new political direction for the community in Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State. The duo of Jim Omokoro and Chief Samson Agbemre said that the Uwheru Political Movement was… July 26, 2017 In "News"