ABUJA—MORE facts have emerged on how Ms Dagan Laetitia Naankang, mother of two and an Assistant Director, Administration, State House, Abuja was gruesomely murdered. The 47-year-old lady was killed by gunmen in her Abuja residence on Monday night after she left the State House about 8 pm. It was reliably gathered that the deceased was killed by some criminal elements, otherwise known as Yahoo boys within the neighbourhood. A source that pleaded not to be mentioned claimed that the deceased found that her environs in Lokogoma, an outskirts of the Abuja city centre was surrounded by Yahoo boys, which made her uncomfortable and told some of her friends that she was contemplating to relocate. The source said it was out of concern over the presence of the boys that the deceased decided to report the suspected Yahoo boys to the police. However, it was learnt that the police, rather than take advantage of the report to ensure that the suspected Yahoo boys face the full wrath of the law, they allegedly freed the suspects later. The information was said to have been leaked to the assailants that it was Ms Naankang, who reported them to the police, and in what appeared to be a revenge mission, they resolved to subject Naankang to an agonising death. She was reportedly tied in her apartment where she lived alone and subjected to all manners of indecent acts before they strangled her to death and set the objects she was tied with ablaze. It was also gathered that her gateman, suspected to be an accomplice in the sad event, has been arrested and has provided useful information that could help in tracking the killers. The source revealed that one of the killers took their victim’s mobile telephone away as he mistook it for his and left his own telephone at the crime scene. The deceased, who hailed from Plateau State, according to a statement by Deputy Director, Information, Mr Attah Esa, on Tuesday, worked in her State House office on Monday till 8 pm, only to be gruesomely murdered in her apartment at 11 pm by unknown persons. Vanguard The post How Aso Rock Director, Naankang, was murdered appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Tribune Online How teenage girl was killed, kept in Ghana-Must-Go bag in Delta Police operatives in Delta State have begun an investigation on how Miss Favour Ogheneyenrohwo, an 18-year-old hairdressing apprentice was strangulated, stuffed in a Ghana-Must-Go bag and dumped in a refuse heap in Abraka, Ethiope East Local Government… June 24, 2019 In "News" As suspects give gory details on the murder Favour Daley Suspected killers of Miss Favour Daley-Oladele on Saturday narrated the gory details of how the final year Sociology student of Lagos State University (LASU) was gruesomely murdered for money rituals at Ikoyi-Ile in Osun. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… January 4, 2020 In "News" Emani carried out the dastardly act because the deceased had not been in support of her marital plans with her already married 24-year-old boyfriend, Nasiru Musa. In a shocking occurrence, a 16-year-old girl has been arrested for the brutal murder of her father for stopping her from getting married to… April 15, 2018 In "News"