Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe has revealed he had trials at both Chelsea and Real Madrid before bursting on to the scene in Lique 1. At just 11-years-old he was called for a trial at Chelsea, and the World Cup winner claims at the time he could scarcely believe he had been invited to London. But his parents intervened to prevent him from heading to the Premier League – a move he claims he now recognises was best for his development. In a piece for The Players’ Tribune, Mbappe wrote: “Maybe if you’re not from where I’m from, you cannot understand this. But, for example, when I was 11 years old, I got to go to London for a few days to train with Chelsea’s youth team. I was so excited and shocked that I didn’t even want to tell my friends from the neighborhood where I was going. “I didn’t have a phone back then, so I asked my dad to give me his, and I showed them the pictures we took. That’s when they finally believed me. But the important thing was that they were not jealous. Not at all. They were just amazed. “After that experience at Chelsea, I was begging my parents to let me leave Bondy and go away to a big club. But you have to understand my mother and father. “They wanted me to stay at home so that I could be a child and live a normal life. I didn’t understand it at the time, but it was actually the best thing for me, because I learned a lot of hard lessons that I would have never learned in a bubble at an academy.”   Nowadays, Mbappe is being linked with a big-money move to Real Madrid – a club where he also had a chance to join as a teenager. He wrote: “Right before my 14th birthday, I got an incredible surprise. My father received a call from someone at Real Madrid, inviting me to come to Spain for a training session over the holiday break. It was a shock, because they actually told my father, ‘Zidane would like to see your son.’ At the time, Zizou was the sporting director. Of course, I was over the moon. I was desperate to go. “I will never forget the moment that we arrived at the training center from the airport. Zidane met us in the parking lot by his car, and it was a really nice car, of course. “He drove me to the training pitch, and I was just thinking to myself, I am in Zizou’s car. I am Kylian from Bondy. This is not real. I must still be sleeping on the airplane. Sometimes, even when you are really living something, it feels like a dream.”  The post PSG star Mbappe reveals how he nearly joined Chelsea appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Kylian Mbappé played a major role in France's success at the World Cup this year. The 19-year-old Frenchman comes from an extremely sporty French family, and he's attended the country's most elite footballer training center. 19-year-old Kylian Mbappé became only the second teenager in history to score in a World… July 15, 2018 In "News" Real Madrid presented Eden Hazard as their new “galactico” signing on Thursday with an army of adoring fans queuing outside the Santiago Bernabeu stadium to welcome the Belgian playmaker. Donning the white strip of the 13-times European champions, the club’s joint-record signing kicked balls into the crowd and posed for… June 15, 2019 In "News" Rising star Kylian Mbappe tried to explain his big-money move to Paris Saint-Germain from Monaco on Monday after receiving fierce criticism from hardcore Monaco fans.Mbappe The 18-year-old joined PSG on a season-long loan with an option to buy that would make him the second most expensive player of all-time for… September 4, 2017 In "News"