The Workplace Centre Limited – We are a World Class Skills Development and HR / ICT Consulting Services organisation that adds significant value to our clients and society. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Enugu, Onitsha – Anambra, and Lagos Mainland – Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  S-TEE has maintained a strong commitment to imparting sound moral, academic, spiritual and life training skills into our learners. We believe that if our processes (tutoring, teaching, modelling, coaching, training, counselling, etc) are well structured and implemented, we will produce great minds, expert thinkers, solution-driven personnel, who will take the world by storm. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  PecanTrust Microfinance Bank Limited is a Central Bank of Nigeria Licensed, for-profit making institution dedicated to supporting early stage, small and medium-sized enterprises ‘SME’, the informal working class and low income families through providing access to finance, entrepreneurship training, a network of mentors and facilitating business partnerships. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Strugz is a Public Relations, Legal, Management and Training Consulting Firm, with a passion to transform minds in a dynamic way that helps its clients find a rhythm and maximize its potential to a maximum capacity. We organize Business and Financial training, with Networking opportunities and partnerships for Startups and Entrepreneurs. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Ongoing Recruitment at Workplace Centre Limited, S-TEE Schools, Strugz & PecanTrust Microfinance Bank Limited – Don’t Miss Out. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ The Workplace Centre Limited – We are a World Class Skills Development and HR / ICT Consulting Services organisation that adds significant value to our clients and society. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Estimator Location: Lagos Deadline: 29th February, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details… February 14, 2020 In "Gists" S-TEE has maintained a strong commitment to imparting sound moral, academic, spiritual and life training skills into our learners. We believe that if our processes (tutoring, teaching, modelling, coaching, training, counselling, etc) are well structured and implemented, we will produce great minds, expert thinkers, solution-driven personnel, who will take the… February 14, 2020 In "Gists" (A). Sunflag Nigeria Limited Sunflag Nigeria Limited started its textile operations in Nigeria in the year 1961. It is one of the largest home textiles Company in the whole of West Africa with world class manufacturing facilities. It is fully integrated from ginning operations to spinning, weaving and finishing. 1. Manager… July 23, 2019 In "Jobs"