Chike – Boo Of The Booless (Album) Singer, songwriter and actor, Chike is set to release his anticipated debut studio album titled “Boo of the Booless”, which will be the first Nigerian album of the year and the new decade. Chike first rose to fame with his memorable stint on Project Fame and The Voice Nigeria, before he conquered the world of television appearing on Africa Magic’s hit telenovela “Battleground.” After releasing love anthems like “Beautiful People”, “Out of Love” and “Amen”; Chike is fast becoming the new poster-boy of the fusion of the alternative, pop, R&B, and high-life genres.  Chike – Boo Of The Booless Tracklist Chike celebrates the love in all its essences as he paints pictures of Eros, Agape, Pragma, Storge, Mania, Ludus, Philautia and Philia on the album, as he ultimately wears the crown. “Boo of the Booless” is already available for pre-order and will available in its entirety on the 14th of February 2020. #BooOfTheBooless Credits: Artiste – Chike Featured Artistes – Ric Hassani, M.I Abaga, Zoro Producers – Doron Clinton, Deeyaso, Vtek, Ade James, BlaiseBeats, Bierdman Violin – Isonil Strings Audio Engineers – Newmix, Vtek, Doron Clinton A&R – Ogaga “Ogagus” Sakpaide Photography – Lexash Art Direction – Mufasa Studios Executive Producer – Chike Ezekpeazu Osebuka GET IT ON DIGITAL STORES  The post Chike – Boo Of The Booless (Album) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Singer, songwriter and actor Chike is set to release his anticipated debut studio album titled “Boo of the Booless”, which will be the first Nigerian album of the year and the new decade. Chike first rose to fame with his memorable stint on Project Fame and The Voice Nigeria, before… January 17, 2020 In "Music/Video" Chike is getting set to drop his first album titled “Boo Of The Booless” on Valentine’s day, February 14. The body of work houses 14 tracks, including previously released tracks and features Ric Hassani, Zoro and M.I Abaga. Chike celebrates the love in all its essences as he paints pictures… January 17, 2020 In "Entertainment" Off Chike‘s forthcoming debut album “Boo of the Booless”, is the set’s latest offering – “Nakupenda” featuring Ric Hassani. The poppy number was produced by Deyasso, and follows in the album prevalent theme of love. Check on the track and album below! Chike – Nakupenda ft. Ric Hassanihttps://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Chike-Nakupenda-feat.-Ric-Hassani.mp3 “Boo of… January 20, 2020 In "Music/Video"