A medical doctor with the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital, Gbenga Adebusoye, has warned that abuse of paracetamol in general and in tenderising meat in particular, could lead to liver and kidney failures. Dr Adebusoye gave the warning in a telephone interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday. He said drugs were chemicals and should not be taken lightly and when abused, they could be toxic to the human system and could endanger lives. According to him, the abuse of paracetamol leads to rapid damage of the liver, which can cause acute liver injury that could result in liver failure that can not be managed except by a liver transplant. The medical expert said that paracetamol should not be used to tenderise meat and for any other purpose, asides its clinical use and the specified dosage as its abuse was highly detrimental to health. He said that drugs were usually meant to be stored in places with cool temperatures not above 25 degrees Celsius. He said if drugs were not properly stored and left in places with high temperature, the act could damage the content of the drugs, making it less potent. And with the possibility of chemical reactions that could be dangerous and harmful, turning the drug from a useful substance to a harmful one, he said. Dr Adebusoye, therefore, advised people to desist from the abuse of drugs in general as such act could be very fatal. NAN reports that some food vendors and caterers in the country have been understood to be using paracetamol tablets to tenderise tough meat. Others even use table spoons, nails and potassium to cook food. Some food vendors in Jos denied making use of paracetamol in tenderising their meats, but some admitted to using potassium in tenderising cowhide (Pomo) and beans The post Paracetamol abuse could cause liver, kidney failures – Expert appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Dr Arikawe Adeolu, a medical practitioner at the Federal Medical Centre, Jabi, Abuja, has warned that an overdose of paracetamol drug could cause liver failure within 24 hours. Adeolu gave the warning in an interview in Abuja on Monday. He said that medications generally had side effects and that some… September 18, 2017 In "News" The National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has warned food vendors and others against the use of paracetamol as tenderiser in cooking meat and beans, saying it can cause kidney and liver failure. Mrs Roseline Ajayi, the Kwara Coordinator of NAFDAC, said this on Thursday in… February 13, 2020 In "News" Tribune Online Vaccine, best form of prevention against Hepatitis A ― Expert A Consultant Gastroenterologist, Dr Kolawole Akande, says the best form of prevention against Hepatitis A is through vaccination. Akande of the Department of Medicine, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, made the assertion while speaking with the News Agency… August 1, 2019 In "News"