The Global Fund is a 21st-century partnership organization designed to accelerate the end of AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria as epidemics, Founded in 2002, the Global Fund is a partnership between governments, civil society, the private sector and people affected by the diseases. The Global Fund raises and invests nearly US$4 billion a year to support programs run by local experts in countries and communities most in need. Since 2003, the Global Fund has invested more than 1.4 billion dollars in the fight against AIDS, TB and Malaria in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: HIV Specialist Location: Akwa-Ibom
Contract type: Fixed term
Project: SIDHAS
Slot: 6 Openings Job Responsibilities Minimum Recruitment Standards Application Closing Date
26th February, 2020. The post HIV Specialists at the Global Fund (6 Openings) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ The Global Fund is a 21st-century partnership organization designed to accelerate the end of AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria as epidemics, Founded in 2002, the Global Fund is a partnership between governments, civil society, the private sector and people affected by the diseases. The Global Fund raises and invests nearly US$4… December 10, 2019 In "Gists" Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNI currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. To strengthen our operations and interventions in the country, we are seeking qualified candidates for the position below: Job Title:… October 3, 2019 In "Gists" Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNi currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. AHNi was established as an affiliate of the Family Health International (FHI 360), a nonprofit human development organization serving more… December 5, 2019 In "Gists"