Rafa Benitez has opened up over his decision to leave Newcastle for China, citing a lack of investment from Mike Ashley as a key reason. Newcastle are currently 14th in the Premier League under Steve Bruce, while Benítez decided to take up the challenge of managing Dalian Professional in China. The Spaniard is currently with his squad in Alicante for two weeks of quarantine following the outbreak of the Coronavirus, which has postponed the start of the Chinese season. AS in Spain used the opportunity to ask him what he was doing in China. He said: “Having a distinct experience. Another culture, other values, a more formative project. Some people don’t understand that competing for something isn’t the same as having a job. We could have continued in Europe. “We had offers, but we wouldn’t have competed for what we’re competing for there, because clubs that are fighting for titles and Champions League already had managers. Faced with that situation, this project came along.” Benítez was then asked if he thought about it a lot before agreeing to moving to China. He replied: “We had a stage of reflection in Newcastle, because there could have been a sale and a new project appeared. In Newcastle, we were close to home and this change could have entailed a strong financial commitment. “However, it didn’t happen, and the previous project showed it didn’t want to grow (under Mike Ashley) because it hadn’t made the necessary investment. “Then this project was born in China, which has a great investment. Behind this club is Wanda, the world’s leading construction company, which wants to and puts many means to improve football in Dalian.”  The post Rafa opens up over Newcastle departure in Ashley dig appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Rafa Benitez will leave Newcastle when his contract expires on Sunday, June 30, the Premier League club have confirmed. The 59-year-old had been in talks with the club’s bosses over a new deal for months, but they have failed to reach an agreement. Newcastle managing director Lee Charnley was tasked… June 24, 2019 In "Sports" Newcastle United are considering Steve Bruce as a possible replacement for Rafael Benítez, ahead of their trip to China for the Premier League Asia Trophy, According to Itv.com. The 59-year-old Sheffield Wednesday manager is one of a number of candidates shortlisted by managing director Lee Charnley, but the bookmakers’ odds… July 9, 2019 In "News" Rafa Benitez has hardly enjoyed a smooth ride as Newcastle manager, with speculation over his future having been rife ever since he took over the reins in March 2016. However, after masterminding the Magpies return to the Premier League and re-establishing them as a top-flight club, the time has now… June 28, 2019 In "Sports"