Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has said early detection of cancer remains the key to effective treatment and  management of the disease. Speaking at an event to mark  the 2020 World Cancer Day, at the Federal Medical Centre, Umuahia, Abia State, National President of NMA, Dr Francis Faduyile, lamented the increase in the number of cancer-related deaths globally and in Nigeria, stressing that despite the fact that 30-50 percent of these cancer diseases are preventable, another 30 per cent of the deaths can be avoided by early detection, diagnosis and treatment. Faduyile, who was represented by the Abia State chairman of NMA, Dr. Carol Iwuoha, explained that information from World Health Organisation, WHO,  showed a progressive increase from 12.7 million in 2008 to 14.1 million in 2012 and 18.1 million in 2018, indicating an increase of 5.4 million new cases in 2018 compared to the new cases observed in 2008. He said the association acknowledged the efforts of the Federal Government at addressing issues related to cancer treatment in Nigeria, but is particularly concerned on the low rate of implementation of the Nigerian Cancer Control Plan 2018-2022. He said there was no clear national policy on cancer, which is important to drive the various actions needed to prevent cancer and its attendant mortalities. “Cancer, which has been described as the second leading cause of death globally, accounted for an estimated 9.6 million deaths in 2018, and an estimated 70,327 cancer -related deaths in 2018 in Nigeria. “We must reverse the trend and contribute positively to influence appropriate response at individual, family, community and national level and we must also raise the pillar of support for those in the fight against cancer and their families. “The three most common cancers in Nigeria: breast cancer (22.7 per cent of all cancer cases in Nigeria); cervical cancer (12.9 per cent) and prostate cancer (11.3 per cent) account for an estimated 46.9 per cent of all cancer cases. “They are preventable through appropriate low cost screening modalities, early detection, diagnosis and the treatment of these cancers will drastically reduce cancer-related deaths in Nigeria.” Vanguard The post Early detection, key to effective cancer treatment — NMA appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Nigerian Medical Association, NMA By Ugochukwu Alaribe, Umuahia The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, said that early detection of cancer remains the key to effective treatment in the management of the disease. Speaking at an event marking the 2020 World Cancer Day, at the Federal Medical Centre, Umuahia, Abia State, National… February 6, 2020 In "News" By Sola Ogundipe No less than seven million people are being targeted by the World Health Organisation, WHO, in the effort to step up cancer services in resource-poor countries. The WHO warns that, if current trends continue, the world will see a 60 per cent increase in cancer cases over… February 4, 2020 In "News" An Oncologist, Dr Brenda Nwammuo, has stressed the need for strict adherence to medical advice to check rising cases of breast cancer and related deaths. Nwammuo of the Radiology Department, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital (NAUTH), Nnewi, said this at the official launch of a mammography machine at Eldorado Multi-Specialist… July 5, 2019 In "News"