Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola insists he is not concerned despite his side missing four penalties in a row. Kasper Schmeichel saved Sergio Aguero’s second half spot kick after Dennis Praet was adjudged to have handled in the area. But Gabriel Jesus – who replaced Aguero – saved the Argentinian’s blushes, slotting past the Leicester keeper after a fine run by Riyad Mahrez to secure a 1-0 victory for City. Guardiola said: “We have missed four penalties in a row, but maybe we will shoot a penalty when we need it to win something. The keepers are good too, but the next one we are going to score.” City travel to the Bernabeu to take on Real Madrid on Wednesday in the Champions League, and Guardiola was asked about preparations for the clash. He added:”The preparation after 12 days off was good, we have played two good games, and it’s good to prepare for Madrid with these good opponents. We are playing the kings of the competion, we will see, we will try to enjoy it and do our game.”  For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show was not cancelled after the pilot episode. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Pep responds to Man City penalty woe after Leicester victory appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Pep Guardiola has hailed the “outstanding” performance of Claudio Bravo after the Manchester City goalkeeper saved two penalties in Tuesday’s EFL Cup shoot-out win over Wolves even as he condemned the matchball which he claimed allowed the second-tier opposition to hold his team for 120 minutes. Bravo – the understudy… October 25, 2017 In "Sports" Manchester City Manager Pep Guardiola will place little significance on Manchester City’s Premier League Asia Trophy final defeat to Wolves on penalties, according to Goal.com reports. After Saturday’s goalless draw in China, Rui Patricio saved spot-kicks from Ilkay Gundogan, David Silva and Lukas Nmecha to secure a 3-2 victory in… July 20, 2019 In "News" Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is pleased with his side’s winning mentality after they dispatched Burnley 3-0 in the Premier League at the Ethiad Stadium on Saturday. Goals from Sergio Aguero, Nicolas Otamendi and Leroy Sane ensured Manchester City extended their winning streak to 11 games, a record Guardiola… October 21, 2017 In "Sports"