Cedarcrest Hospitals Limited was founded in Abuja in January 2008 and was formerly known as Cedarcrest Orthopaedic Clinics. Within a few years, the hospital expanded its scope of practice into a full-fledged private multispecialty hospital. The core vision of the organisation is to provide world-class healthcare services to patients in Nigeria, West Africa, and globally. With hospitals located in both Abuja and Lagos, our services accommodate over one hundred (100) beds and provide services and facilities such as emergency / trauma center, a helipad, major radiology diagnostic center, a prosthetic manufacturing plant, an oxygen manufacturing plant, modular surgical operating theatres, cardiac catheterization unit and several other facilities that make for a modern multispecialty hospital. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Anaesthetic Technician II Location: Abuja Job Description Responsibilities Qualifications Application Closing Date
10th February, 2020. The post Anaesthetic Technician II at Cedarcrest Hospitals Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Cedarcrest Hospitals Limited is a modern specialist medical care centre located in the heart of Abuja; Nigeria. It was founded January 2008 with the aim of providing a high standard healthcare service to patient within and outside Nigeria.The centre started off as a highly specialized orthopaedic facility, registered as Cedarcrest… July 1, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). AETI Power Systems and Controls Limited AETI Power Systems and Controls Limited – We are an engineering consulting company, whose focus has been on rendering the following services: Technical Training, Recruitment of technical Personnel, Outsourcing of Technical Personnel and rendering engineering consulting services to the Manufacturing, Oil & Gas, Telecommunications,… October 11, 2019 In "Gists" Cedarcrest Hospitals Limited is a modern specialist medical care centre located in the heart of Abuja; Nigeria. It was founded January 2008 with the aim of providing a high standard healthcare service to patient within and outside Nigeria.The centre started off as a highly specialized orthopaedic facility, registered as Cedarcrest… June 13, 2019 In "Jobs"