The United States President, Donald Trump who has been acquitted by the Republican-dominated Senate of all impeachment charges celebrated his victory with a short video displaying Trump “4EVA”. The US President, Trump, well-known for his vast use of Twitter to communicate his statements, few minutes after the Senate votes result published the short video. Despite being confronted with strong evidence, Republicans stayed loyal and mustered a majority of votes to clear the president of the two charges levied by the Democrat-dominated House — by 52 to 48 on the first, 53 to 47 on the second — falling far short of the two-thirds supermajority required for conviction. “Is the respondent, Donald John Trump, guilty or not guilty?” Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, who is presiding over the trial, somberly asked the lawmakers as the chamber began voting on the first charge. “Two-thirds of the senators present not having pronounced him guilty, the Senate adjudges that respondent Donald John Trump, President of the United States, is not guilty as charged,” the Supreme Court Chief Justice said after the cast of votes. Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Video: Trump celebrates impeachment victory, says Trump ‘4EVA’ appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Donald Trump addresses his impeachment during a Merry Christmas Rally at the Kellogg Arena on December 18, 2019. PHOTO: Getty Images United States President, Donald Trump said that he will issue a formal statement on Thursday after his acquittal on two impeachment charges. “I will be making a public statement… February 5, 2020 In "News" In this image from video, presiding officer Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts swears in members of the Senate for the impeachment trial against President Donald Trump at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, Thursday, Jan. 16, 2020. PHOTO: AP The US Senate Wednesday acquitted President Donald Trump of abuse of power, the… February 5, 2020 In "News" In this image from video, presiding officer Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts swears in members of the Senate for the impeachment trial against President Donald Trump at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, Thursday, Jan. 16, 2020. PHOTO: AP United States President, Donald Trump drew on staunch Republican support Wednesday… February 5, 2020 In "News"