Canada will no longer pick up the security tab for protecting Prince Harry and his wife Meghan starting in March, the office of Public Safety Minister Bill Blair said Thursday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been living part-time in an oceanside mansion in westernmost British Columbia province since November. Last month, they made a shock exit from life as working royals. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police have provided security for the couple in this country under the internationally protected persons convention. But that will end “in the coming weeks, in keeping with their change in status,” said a statement. Canadians have been welcoming of the royal runaways. Local monarchists surveyed by AFP are excited, while tourism groups are even giddier about the prospects of a boost from the global attention on the couple. But a recent poll found that 77 per cent of Canadian taxpayers were not keen to pay for their security costs. [AFP] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Canada to no longer pay for Harry, Meghan security appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Harry and Meghan Prince Harry and his wife Meghan have taken part in their first joint public engagement since quitting as working members of Britain’s royal family, Buckingham Palace said Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended a JPMorgan Chase event in Miami, where Harry gave a speech. The… February 7, 2020 In "News" Britain’s Prince Harry, his wife Meghan and baby Archie are spending some “private family time” in Canada, a spokeswoman for the couple said on Saturday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are taking a break from royal duties after speaking of the pressure of being in the spotlight following their… December 21, 2019 In "News" Prince Harry and his wife Meghan will no longer use the “Sussex Royal” label when they begin their new life outside the royal inner circle in the spring, their spokeswoman said Friday. The couple will formally step down as senior royals from March 31 and will no longer carry out… February 21, 2020 In "News"