A popular game that allows players to create a virus and spread it worldwide has been pulled from Apple’s App Store in China, its developer said, as the country battles a real-life epidemic. Users based in China could not download “Plague Inc” on Friday after the cyberspace watchdog ordered its removal over “illegal” content, UK-based Ndemic Creations said. Ndemic said it was not clear if the decision was linked to the deadly new coronavirus outbreak, which began in central China in December. The contagion has killed more than 2,700 people and infected nearly 79,000 in mainland China. While the number of new cases in China is declining, infections in other countries are gathering pace. “We have a huge amount of respect for our Chinese players and are devastated that they are no longer able to access and play Plague Inc,” Ndemic said. The company said it was trying to contact the Cyberspace Administration “to understand their concerns and work with them to find a resolution.” AFP calls to the government agency went unanswered. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. “Plague Inc” was released in 2012 and has more than 130 million players, according to Ndemic. Ndemic said the simulation game had previously been recognised as an educational tool by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And it was “working with major global health organisations to determine how we can best support their efforts to contain and control COVID-19,” the company said. Players took to China’s Twitter-like Weibo platform to criticise the decision to pull the game. “I’ve played Plague Inc for so long, I’m so angry! It taught us to wash hands frequently and protect ourselves… Honestly, I learned a lot about infectious diseases from this game,” one wrote. Another said Apple chief executive Tim Cook’s “application to join the (Communist) Party has been submitted.” Apple has previously been accused of bowing to China’s censors such as when it removed HKmap.live, an app used by pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong to track police. [AFP] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Virus game ‘Plague’ app pulled in China ―Developer appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Apple is facing complaints of anti-competitive behavior in China. This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Apple is facing complaints of anti-competitive behavior in China, according to The Financial Times. The case, filed by a Chinese law… August 11, 2017 In "News" Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has returned to China as his company eyes the oppurtunity to finally start doing business in the country. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg&apos;s annual trip to China is underway. The timing of this trip is significant because Facebook is currently showing signs of increased efforts to begin… October 28, 2017 In "News" By Lawani Mikairu Following the outbreak of a deadly virus known as Corona Virus in China that has since killed six people, with over 300 also reported to have been infected, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria, FAAN, yesterday said it has deployed thermal scanners in all airports that monitor… January 22, 2020 In "News"