Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has vowed to continue fighting for Nigeria’s unity until his last breath. Obasanjo, who spoke yesterday at the first memorial lecture of the founder of Oodua People’s Congress, Dr. Fredrick Fasehun in Lagos, however said “this fight is not to make my children and my race second class citizens.” Bemoaning the increasing rate of insecurity in the country, Obasanjo lamented that Boko Haram had continued to wax stronger over the past 12 years. “If Boko Haram can get external support, any group that decided to go will get support from within and outside. So we must address the issue now. The language we are using to address ourselves across the region now is uncouth and it must not continue.” He said Nigeria could not afford to be plunged into another war at this time because such might not be easy to win. He said, “When I was elected President the agitation was true federalism but now it is restructuring. According to the former president, Nigeria needs to address the matter of restructuring now, maintaining that failure to do this might lead to grave consequences. “If we don’t address it they may go from restructuring to self-determination and this will become a more serious problem. Vanguard The post I’ll fight for Nigeria’s unity till I die — Obasanjo appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Temidayo Akinsuyi, Stephen Ubimago, Sulaiman Fasasi, James Ogunnaike, Emma Nzomiwu, Gbenga Faturoti, Ahmad Tijjani Abdul Lagos / Abeokuta / Enugu / Osogbo / KANO – Tempers are rising in the country following kidnappings and killings allegedly wrought by herdsmen over cattle-grazing crisis which has become a national security threat, sparking ethnic tension. This… July 16, 2019 In "News" By David Tarkaa Nigeria is currently at a crossroads over its continued existence as one nation, with agitations for secession and restructuring from different parts of the country. Convener of Fast Forward Nigeria and former president, National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Orkuma Hembe, speaks on the restructuring debate, 2019… September 17, 2017 In "News" Tribune Online Obasanjo writes Buhari, says insecurity now threatens Nigeria’s existence Concerned with the worrisome development of security issues in the country the nation’s former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, has again, written an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari.  Obasanjo said the security challenge issue could no longer be treated… July 15, 2019 In "News"