Al-Hikmah University was licensed by the Federal Government of Nigeria in January, 2005. It is a faith-based, private and conventional University with a strong Islamic content. The University aims at providing high moral standard and academic excellence for the good of the Nigerian nation and humanity. It is also committed to the development of highest academic standards both at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels. The University has graduated ten (10) sets of students. The University, which is developing at a rapid pace, has seven (7) Faculties namely; Humanities and Social Sciences, Management Sciences, Natural and Applied Sciences, Health Sciences, Education, Law, Agriculture and the Postgraduate School. The current student population stands at about 5,000. Applications are invited for the following positions below:  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here To View Details  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Application Closing Date 26th February, 2020. The post Fresh Non-academic Staff Recruitment at Al-Hikmah University, Ilorin (24 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Al-Hikmah University was licensed by the Federal Government of Nigeria in January, 2005. It is a faith-based, private and conventional University with a strong Islamic content. The University aims at providing high moral standard and academic excellence for the good of the Nigerian nation and humanity. It is also committed… February 12, 2020 In "Gists" Al-Hikmah University was licensed by the Federal Government of Nigeria in January, 2005. It is a faith-based, private and conventional University with a strong Islamic content. The University aims at providing high moral standard and academic excellence for the good of the Nigerian nation and humanity. It is also committed… February 12, 2020 In "Gists" Al-Hikmah University was licensed by the Federal Government of Nigeria in January, 2005. It is a faith-based, private and conventional University with a strong Islamic content. The University aims at providing high moral standard and academic excellence for the good of the Nigerian nation and humanity. It is also committed to the development of highest academic standards both at the undergraduate and postgraduate… January 27, 2020 In "Gists"