10 Naija Videos You Should Watch This Week – Marlians The music grind never stops, which means every week we’ll definitely see brand new releases from some of our favorite artists as well as new cats looking to catch their big break. It’s the same all over the world, and Nigeria is no exception. This week, we got something from Naira Marley and a new Marlian signing, a fresh Rema video, and the highly promising Bella Shmurda. More video releases include the ever-present indigenous hip-hop heavyweight, CDQ, Nigerian Gospel jewel, Mercy Chinwo, and many more. Rema x Rvssian – Beamer (Bad Boys) It looks like Rema is finally ready to have a crack at the US market. His two new singles (see Rainbow) are geared towards that direction. Godspeed!  Bella Shmurda – Omnipotent Bella Shmurda is one of the promising acts for 2020. Don’t sleep on the “High Tension” EP.   Zinoleesky ft. Naira Marley – CARO On the very first day of 2020, Naira Marley declared his intentions to dominate 2020 by unveiling 3 new signings under Marlian Music. Since then, he’s strategically released singles and videos for all of them. This is Zinoleesky’s debut joint. I love it!  Mercy Chinwo – Obinasom (Official Video) Gospel sensation, Mercy Chinwo blessed us with this beautiful piece. From the lyrics to the melody, you’ll find yourself falling in love with God all over again. I can never get tired of hearing her voice, particularly with the way she blends Igbo and English. I dare you not to sing along.  CDQ – Owo From the moment CDQ figured the game out, he’s quietly stayed consistent and relevant. A fantastic rapper with another impressive single. The post 10 Naija Videos You Should Watch This Week appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay VIDEO: Bella Shmurda – Omnipotent Overview of Bella Shmurda – Omnipotent (Official Video) OneWorld Global Records artiste, Bella Shmurda has released the official music video of his amazing record titled “Omnipotent.” “Omnipotent” serves as the first 2nd record off his latest extended play tagged “High Tension” which houses 7 tracks including… February 19, 2020 In "Music/Video" The first half of 2019 was one that saw lots of music released and many of which became the favourites of many. Of all the songs that were released and the ones that made it to the list of hits, the most were churned out by the up and coming… July 4, 2019 In "Music/Video" After the success of “Vision 2020 Remix” featuring Olamide, Bella Shmurda unlocks a new tune “Only You” Bella Shmurda releases a new single title “Only You“, produced by Bylinx. Fineboibella is an AFRO beat artist who has been doing music from a very early stage in life, but came into… October 17, 2019 In "Music/Video"