MainOne Cable is a leading facilitator and preferred provider of innovative telecom services and network solutions such as Connectivity and Data Center Solutions to Telecom operators, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), other businesses and Government institutions across West Africa. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Amaiden Energy Nigeria Limited, (formerly Moody International Nigeria Limited) was established in 1996 as a partnership between Moody International Group and Nigerian investors. Since commencing operations in March 1997 the company continues to grow and exerts its presence in numerous Projects in the Nigeria Oil and Gas Industry. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply EXL Service Nigeria Limited – Our client is currently recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following vacant positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Search for Common Ground (SFCG) is an international non-profit organization that promotes the peaceful resolution of conflict. With headquarters in Washington, DC and Brussels, Belgium, Search’s mission is to transform how individuals, organizations, and governments deal with conflict – away from destructive approaches towards cooperative solutions. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Fresh Job Vacancies at MainOne Cable Nigeria, EXL Service Nigeria Limited, Search for Common Ground & Amaiden Energy Nigeria Limited (20 Job Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ (A). MainOne Cable Nigeria MainOne’s success is built on having talented and highly proficient people within their respective fields as the driving force behind our business. 1. Front Desk Officer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. OSP Engineer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. IT Application Developer Click… July 3, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Vestiro Integrated Services Limited Vestiro Integrated Services Limited offers a range of products that would help our clients promptly detect fire, and in addition put the fire out before it spreads and becomes too big to require the professional fire services. 1. Office Assistant Click Here to Read Job Details… January 27, 2020 In "Gists" 1. MainOne Cable Nigeria MainOne’s success is built on having talented and highly proficient people within their respective fields as the driving force behind our business A job in MainOne is different from any other you have had. With joining MainOne you’ll be challenged, inspired and proud as you become a… June 25, 2019 In "Jobs"