Tome – The Money Tome is also boldly committed to giving an empowering voice to women through her songs, exuding the spirit of confidence and pride in her artistry. Throughout 2019, Tome had the pleasure of joining award-winning mega Afro-beats artiste, Wizkid on his 2019 Canadian Tour and talented Mr Eazi in for his 2019 Europe Tour performed at the Wembley SSE, London at the Burnaboy Concert as well as exciting performances at Afrofest 2019, Uppsala Reggae Festival 2019 in Sweden and SXSW 2019 in Texas. 2019 also saw TÖME tour parts of North America. SEE ALSO: Tome – Sol Her new output “The Money” is a proper jam. It is one joint you should start bopping to as soon as possible. It comes after the release of her previous record dubbed “Sol.” Check it out and share your thoughts below. AUDIO DOWNLOAD ITUNES/APPLE MUSIC I do it for the, i hustle for the I do it for the money, i hustle for the money I checking on flight back to London It doesn’t matter where ya come from The post Tome – The Money appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Kiza Music songstress, Töme comes through with the video for her new single titled “Sol“, directed by 88Everything. “Sol” serves as a follow up to her previous single tagged ‘L’amour‘ which was released back in March. Watch the video below. The post New Video: Töme — Sol appeared first on… December 6, 2019 In "Entertainment" Kiza Music songstress, Töme comes through with the video for her new single titled “The Money“, produced by Karma Jones and directed by Omari J. Watch the video below. The post New Video: Töme – The Money appeared first on BellaNaija - Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija February 28, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Emeka Obasi Uli came back to live just before 2019 petered out, thanks to two young men, Kingsley Chinweike [KC] and Chukwuemeka ‘E-Money’ Okonkwo, who took celebrities to the historic town. FAAN closes Port Harcourt Airport temporarily over bush fire incident In what they tagged ‘Uli Music Festival 2019’,… January 11, 2020 In "News"