Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana. On this basis, we are proud of the brand’s hard-earned reputation as the fastest growing chicken QSR in West Africa and the number 1 chicken QSR in Nigeria (both in revenues and number of outlets). In addition, Chicken Republic was ranked as one of Nigeria’s top 20 brands across all categories (Financial Standards Awards 2009). We are recruiting to fill the position below: Locations: Abuja and Port-Harcourt-Rivers
Level: Associate Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Central Kitchen Supervisor at Food Concepts PLC – Abuja and Port-Harcourt appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana. On this… February 27, 2020 In "Gists" Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana. On this… February 28, 2020 In "Gists" Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana. On this basis,… February 28, 2020 In "Gists"