Bible Guest House Research & Development Centre (BGHRDC)  – The Bible Guesthouse was founded in 1994 as a Christian establishment providing comfortable rooms for lodging and halls for meetings to individuals and corporate institutions. From 38 guestrooms in Lagos, we have expanded to the city of Abuja, owning an ultra-modern facility of 42 guestrooms which include a beautiful penthouse. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: General Manager Location: Any City, Nigeria Role Summary Responsible to and Direct Reports: Role Relationship: Key Responsibilities
The successful candidate will among others do the following: Personnel Specification Must possess among others: Application Closing Date
14th February, 2020. The post General Manager at Bible Guest House Research & Development Centre (BGHRDC) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Solina Group – Solina Centre for International Development and Research (SCIDaR) is an indigenous nonprofit institution that works to accelerate positive health, social and economic reforms through high-quality program design and implementation, capacity building, implementation science research and knowledge generation, as well as agenda setting and stakeholder convening across human… July 12, 2019 In "Jobs" United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), helps developing countries attract and use aid effectively. In all our activities, we encourage the protection of human rights, capacity development and the empowerment of women. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Service Centre Manager Job ID: 28100 Location: Maiduguri, Borno Grade: P4 Posting Type: External Vacancy… January 10, 2020 In "Gists" Louis Valentino Prixair [LVP]Â is a proud indigenous Nigerian conglomerate which operates a wide range of businesses, including Real Estate Development & Investment, Property Management, Hotel Operations, Cleaning and Laundry services, Catering services and Media. A leader in each of our sectors of business, we offer integrated and advanced solutions for… June 12, 2019 In "Jobs"