Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has explained why Jesse Lingard and Andreas Pereira were left out of the squad to face Watford on Sunday afternoon. Lingard and Pereira have both had their critics this season but the duo started against Brugge in midweek and it came as a shock that they were left out of the 18. Mason Greenwood was among six changes made by Solskjaer for Man Utd’s Premier League clash with Watford. Absent from Thursday’s Europa League trip to Club Brugge through illness, the 18-year-old made his first Premier League start since Man Utd‘s Boxing Day win against Newcastle. “We’ve picked a squad of 18 that we felt it was the right 18 here,” Solskjaer told MUTV when asked about why Lingard and Pereira were missing from the squad. “We’ve got cover on the bench for wide-men, forwards, midfielders and defenders so that was a decision I made.” On Greenwood’s quick recovery, Solskjaer added: “Yeah, Mason stayed home, he didn’t travel to Brugge, but he feels okay today. “Victor [Lindelof] has recovered. Eric [Bailly] played really well down at Chelsea but we need to manage him properly and then give him time to recover in between. But that’s a big plus for us having Eric back.”  For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show was not cancelled after the pilot episode. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Solskjaer explains Lingard, Pereira omissions from Man Utd squad appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 West Ham 2-Manchester United 0 Manchester United traveled to West Ham on Sunday. After beating Astana in the Europe League earlier this week, United were looking to make it three wins out of three across all competitions. However, United’s display vs West Ham, for the most part, was rather lackluster.… September 22, 2019 In "Sports" Ole Gunnar Solskjaer trolls Liverpool Man United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has slung a cheap shot at Liverpool in the build up to Sunday’s Premier League match at Old Trafford. Liverpool are top of the standings after eight straight wins. The Reds have 24 points. By contrast, Man United only… October 20, 2019 In "Sports" Victor Lindelof & Scott McTominay Both Victor Lindelof and Scott McTominay have been included in Man United’s squad on Sunday to face Brighton. Swedish centre-half Lindelof (foot) and Scottish midfielder McTominay (ankle)  had both been injury doubts. Of course, it’s still unknown whether McTominay and Lindelof will start for Man… November 10, 2019 In "Sports"