Timo Werner has added more fuel to rumours that he could swap RB Leipzig for Liverpool in the summer transfer window. The Reds have been strongly linked with a move for the Germany international, who is being viewed as a back-up option to their attacking trio of Roberto Firmino, Sadio Mane and Mo Salah. Liverpool are reportedly prepared to meet Werner’s release clause of €58million (£50m) in the summer and Werner continues to flirt with the idea. “Jurgen Klopp is the best coach in the world,” Werner told Sky Germany. “There is a lot to suggest that my style of play would suit there (Liverpool).” Those comments come only days after he told reporters that Liverpool were the “best team” in the world following his goal in Leipzig’s 1-0 victory over Tottenham on Wednesday night. “I know that Liverpool is the best team at the moment in the world and when you are linked with that team it makes me very proud,” Werner said. “It’s a pleasure but I know that Liverpool play a lot of good players and I have to improve myself and I need to learn many more things to get to that level and to play there.” For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show was not cancelled after the pilot episode. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Werner builds up Liverpool rumours again with Klopp praise appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Dejan speaks out on why summer transfer didn’t happen Liverpool defender Dejan Lovren has spoken out about why he failed to find a move over the summer, despite being unhappy with his current position. Lovren was heavily linked with a move away from the Reds this summer having not featured… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" RB Leipzig standout Timo Werner has been on RB Leipzig’s books since the summer of 2016. Leipzig are believed to have paid fellow German outfit VfB Stuttgart around £12m for Werner’s services. Since making the switch to Leipzig, Werner has gone on to cement himself as one of the top… January 19, 2020 In "Sports" Jurgen Klopp’s agent has admitted his client would like to manage the German national team one day, but insists he is currently more than happy at Liverpool. Klopp is one of the most in-demand managers in world football due to his sensational work at Anfield that culminated in the Reds winning… July 7, 2019 In "News"