Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling will miss Sunday’s Premier League clash against West Ham and could face a race to be fit for their Champions League showdown with Real Madrid after suffering a hamstring injury. Sterling limped off during Sunday’s defeat at Tottenham and the club have confirmed the injury will sideline the England international this weekend. “Raheem Sterling will miss our game against West Ham this weekend after scans revealed he has suffered damage to his left hamstring. Everyone at City wishes @sterling7 a full and speedy recovery,” City said on their Twitter account. READ ALSO: Shehu Dikko: Why NPFL matches are not shown live  City manager Pep Guardiola will hope Sterling’s absence is not much longer than the West Ham game as his side gear up for a hectic schedule. They travel to top-four rivals Leicester on February 22 and then head to Spain to face Real in the Champions League last-16 first leg four days later. City would also want Sterling to be available for the League Cup final against Aston Villa on March 1. My girlfriend, twins were also abused, Mikel tearfully reveals https://t.co/dSul46qfjP #vanguardnews pic.twitter.com/pbmtJmSgrT — Vanguard Newspapers (@vanguardngrnews) February 6, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The 25-year-old, who came off in the 84th minute against Tottenham, is one of City’s top goalscorers this season with 20 in all competitions. Sterling has only missed two Premier League matches this season, where he was an unused substitute. VANGUARD The post Raheem Sterling to miss City’s game against West Ham appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling will miss Sunday's Premier League clash against West Ham and could face a race to be fit for their Champions League showdown with Real Madrid after suffering a hamstring injury. The post Man City star Sterling to miss West Ham clash appeared first on The… February 6, 2020 In "News" The England international went off in the 2-0 defeat at Tottenham, and faces a race to be fit for City's trip to Real Madrid in the Champions League Source: Goal February 6, 2020 In "Gists" Raheem Sterling (Manchester City) and Teemu Pukki (Norwich) are already on four goals each with the 2019/2020 Premier League season only in its second week. Sterling scored a hat-trick in the 5-0 demolition of West Ham, before netting the first in their 2-2 draw with Tottenham Hotspur last weekend. Pukki… August 20, 2019 In "News"