Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana. On this basis, we are proud of the brand’s hard-earned reputation as the fastest growing chicken QSR in West Africa and the number 1 chicken QSR in Nigeria (both in revenues and number of outlets). In addition, Chicken Republic was ranked as one of Nigeria’s top 20 brands across all categories (Financial Standards Awards 2009). We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Locations: Abuja and Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Abuja and Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Abuja and Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Deadline: Abuja and Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Kaduna, Edo, Rivers and Kano Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Kaduna, Edo, Rivers and Kano Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Lagos and Oyo Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Application Closing Date Not Specified. The post Fresh Job Recruitment at Food Concepts PLC (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana.… January 21, 2020 In "Gists" Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana.… February 4, 2020 In "Gists" Food Concepts commenced operations in 2001. From inception, our aim has been clear-cut and focused: to revolutionize the food sector in West Africa and to deliver extraordinary satisfaction to our stakeholders. Since launching in 2004, Chicken Republic (Subsidiary of Food concepts) has already opened 55 stores in Nigeria and Ghana. On this… February 28, 2020 In "Gists"