Executive Director of Nigerian-American Council (NAC), and Former Presidential Aspirant in 2019 election Dr. Okey Samuel Mbonu, yesterday met with the new US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mary Beth Leonard, in Washington DC, to discuss matters concerning Nigeria’s security challenges. Mbonu in a statement at the Washington DC think-tank, Center for Security and International Studies (CSIS)”, event said, “the current government in Nigeria may have abdicated its duty to protect its citizens, especially Nigerian Christians, of which images of horrific murders, by Nigerian terrorists, are now at the center of the world attention”. “where the government fails to live up to its primary responsibility, of ensuring the safety and security of citizens, they may leave citizens with no option but to revert to the basic human doctrine of self-defense”. Speaking on the direction of Nigeria’s political future, Mbonu said, “equity and convention dictate the next President of Nigeria in 2023 would be from the Southeast region of Nigeria”. The NAC Director explained why political leaders in Nigeria did not speak out on the murder of the Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Adamawa State noting that “many of the Southern and Northern leaders, including Christian political leaders, are enmeshed in massive corruption, which makes them afraid to speak-out because they fear a dusting up of their corruption files”. “2023 will usher-in completely new leadership in Nigeria, it will be an opportunity for new-generation leaders with zero corruption baggage, and 21st Century credentials to emerge on the political stage” he added. The post Mbonu Meets US Ambassador to Nigeria in Washington appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Investigations has revealed that Nigerians who wish to travel to Nigeria but applying to visit Nigeria with another country’s passport are charged a fee that is charged to all foreigners applying for a travel Visa to Nigeria. They are also required to submit to biometric data enrollment as is the… December 20, 2017 In "News" Ado-Ekiti – A group, Nigeria Coalition for Change, has hailed the ongoing anti-corruption crusade being championed by President Muhammadu Buhari saying Nigerians are now being treated with respect overseas. The group, based in Washington DC, in the United States of America (USA), said that the anti-graft war has changed the… October 23, 2018 In "News" John Campbell, former U.S Ambassador to Nigeria. Photo: Osa Mbonu By John Odusote The name John Campbell is not new to the debate on Nigeria. He was at a time the Ambassador of the United States of America to Nigeria. So it could be said that he knows a bit… December 21, 2019 In "News"