Musa Muhammadu has emerged the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the bye-election into the vacant Babura/Garki Federal Constituency of Jigawa. Muhammadu pulled 547 votes to beat his rival Aliya Muhammadu, who secured 32 votes in the primary held on Monday at Babura Local Government Secretariat. Declaring the result, Muhammad Ibrahim, the Party’s Electoral Committee Chairman, said Idris Zangi came third with 21 votes. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that three aspirants contested to be the party flag bearer including two siblings. Both Musa and Aliyu are the sons of late Alhaji Muhammadu Adamu Fagen Gawo, member House of Representative, who died in office on Dec. 31, 2019. Dr Mahmoud Isa, the INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, declared the conduct of the election as free and fair. Isa said that the primary was conducted peacefully without any rancour. He also announced that a total of 11 political parties are participating in the bye-election slated for March 14. [NAN] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Jigawa bye-election: Musa wins APC Babura/Garki Federal Constituency primary appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard The Supreme Court on Monday struck out a motion brought filed by Oyekunle Gbenga challenging the veracity of the House of Representative elect, Tijani Ismaila, to contest the last general elections and therefore reserved judgment. Ismaila is representing Ifelodun/Offa/Oyun Federal constituency of Kwara. Justice Musa Muhammad, in a lead judgment… August 19, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Supreme Court declares Anani Hamisu as PDP candidate for Wase Federal Constituency The Supreme Court has declared AnaniÂ  Hamisu Mohammed as the authentic House of Representatives Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Wase Federal Constituency of Plateau State. The apex court, in a judgement in the… June 3, 2019 In "News" ADAMU AMADU writes on the governorship and House of Assembly election held in Jigawa State, concluding that the popularity of President Muhammadu Buhari considerably won the election for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state.   The battle for 2019 general election in Jigawa State was mainly fought between… March 26, 2019 In "News"