Pep Guardiola said that both Manchester City and Real Madrid scored against the run of play in their Champions League meeting. Goals from Gabriel Jesus and Kevin De Bruyne saw City overturn the lead Madrid had built when Isco finished in the second half. Guardiola insisted it was a job half done, while being hesitant over the extent of Laporte’s new injury. “We tried to come here to win the game and we did. This is just the first part,” he told BT Sport. “If one team can overcome this situation, it’s this club. “When we were better, we conceded a goal. When they were better, we scored a goal. That’s football. “I remember the quarter-final a few seasons ago at Anfield when we played incredibly well and they scored all their shots on target.” The evening also had some bad news as Aymeric Laporte limped off, and Guardiola admitted that it was too “demanding” to expect him to last. “After five months injured in this scenario it’s so demanding [for Laporte]. Fernandinho came in and did incredibly well. “I’m so proud. This is the first step. It’s not over. We can enjoy the moment. “On Sunday we have a final. We’ll keep going in the Premier League and prepare for the second game against Real Madrid.”  The post Guardiola: Goals came against run of play appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Pep Guardiola has expressed confidence that Manchester City can overturn their 3-0 defeat to Liverpool in their Champions League first-leg, quarter-final clash at Anfield on Wednesday night. Liverpool scored through Mohamed Salah, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Sadio Mane, all coming in the first half. But Guardiola insisted during his post-match press… April 4, 2018 In "Sports" Pep Guardiola saluted his “incredible” Manchester City as the champions became the first Premier League side to reach 100 points thanks to a 1-0 win at Southampton on Sunday. #CENTURIONS pic.twitter.com/Ui0efaa7U2 — Manchester City (@ManCity) May 13, 2018 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Guardiola’s team have been focused on rewriting the record books since… May 13, 2018 In "News" Manchester City’s boss Pep Guardiola has hailed his players’ persistence in their 2-1 win against a defensive Southampton side in Wednesday’s Premier League clash at the Etihad Stadium. City looked to be heading for their second home draw of the season before Raheem Sterling scored in the 95th minute to secure… November 30, 2017 In "Sports"