 THE Lagos Seaports and Marine Command of Nigeria Immigration Service, in collaboration with the Nigeria Immigration Service, NIS, and the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, NIMASA, has repatriated a stranded Indian seafarer, Mr. Chatanveer Singh, through the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. This is even as the Comptroller of the Command, Olubusola A. Fashakin, advised shipowners and other employers of labour to be mindful of the provisions of Section 38(1) of the Immigration Act 2015 regarding the employment of immigrants. Singh, it was gathered, had been employed on board a Nigerian vessel, MT GRAND 1, by Africon Shipping Services Limited, a company that has gone moribund. As a result, the crew of the vessel were abandoned at the mercy of Pak Marine & Shipping Services Limited as managers without recourse to the Service’s extant rules on the employment of immigrants. A statement by the Public Relations Officer of the Command, Augustus Maisor, said the repatriation took place last week. The statement noted that the collaboration between both agencies brings to limelight the existing synergy between the two agencies in ensuring that the country’s maritime corridors are secured against illegal incursions. Vanguard The post Immigration, NIMASA repatriate stranded Indian seafarer appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard LAGOS –Â The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency(NIMASA) has denied the allegation that it was not proactive in the fire incident which affected MV ORC4 vessel, saying its intervention in collaboration with the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas(NLNG) saved the situation. Isichei Osamgbi, Deputy Director, Public Affairs, NIMASA in a press… March 13, 2019 In "News" LAGOS – The Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Dakuku Peterside, has stated that women are central to the accomplishments and efficiency of most successful world economies. Peterside stated this on Monday in Lagos at a sensitisation workshop for female students organised preparatory to this year’s… June 25, 2019 In "News" Peterside Dakuku Director general, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, NIMASA, Dr. Dakuku Peterside, held a media parley with members of the fourth estate of the realm in Lagos where he presented his score card. We present excerpts of the interaction AS a regulatory and enforcement Agency, we are committed to… January 22, 2020 In "News"