VIDEO: Ckay ft. Joeboy & kuami Eugene – Love Nwantiti (Remix) Following a barnstorming 2019, Chocolate City artist, Ckay kicks off the new decade with aplomb, recruiting Afropop revelation, Joeboy, and Ghana’s Kuami Eugene for a star-studded remix to “Love Nwantiti” – a standout on his sophomore EP, “Ckay the First”. The release is accompanied by an enchanting music video directed by Naya Visuals. Love Nwantiti remix is a serene love ballad, which sees all three artistes, Ckay, Joeboy and Kuami Eugene trade verses about their love interests who have them “obsessed” and unashamed to speak on it. It is the perfect melding of all their finer talents, as well as a shared knack for crafting catchy, heartwarming, love songs. AUDIO DOWNLOAD The post VIDEO: Ckay ft. Joeboy & kuami Eugene – Love Nwantiti (Remix) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Ckay Kicks off the new Decade with Star-Studded Remix for “Love Nwantiti” alongside Joeboy and Kuami Eugene. “Love Nwantiti Remix“… Following a barnstorming 2019, Chocolate City artiste, Ckay kicks off the new decade with aplomb, recruiting Afropop revelation, Joeboy, and Ghana’s Kuami Eugene for a star- studded remix to “Love… February 14, 2020 In "Music/Video" Following a barnstorming 2019, Chocolate City artist, Ckay kicks off the new decade with the remix of Love Nwantiti. He teamed up with  Afropop revelation, Joeboy, and Ghana’s Kuami Eugene for the star-studded remix– a standout on his sophomore EP, “Ckay the First”. The release is accompanied by an enchanting… February 14, 2020 In "News" VIDEO: Ckay ft. DJ Lambo – Way Overview of VIDEO: Ckay Way Chocolate City’s Ckay released the video for his infectious, crowd-pleasing single, “Way” featuring DJ Lambo, off his sophomore EP, “Ckay the First”. When Ckay’s Way dropped in August; with its fierce in-your-face drums, catchy verses, and ingenious Beethoven interpolation, it was immediately clear that… October 18, 2019 In "Music/Video"