The Federal Government on Thursday declared that President Muhammadu Buhari will not resign over the insecurity challenge. The minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed who made this declaration also said the government will not go back on its plans to regulate the social media. He also clarified that normal international flights have resumed in Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. Mohammed made the clarifications at a briefing in Abuja. He said: “As I said earlier, the country is facing security challenges, and the challenges are being tackled headlong. “However, there have been some red herrings in recent times, including those calling for the resignation of Mr. President or the sack of the security chiefs. “I just want to say that the government, which has provided and continues to provide the military and the security agencies with the wherewithal, believes in their ability to tackle insecurity. “These challenges will be successfully tackled. I will, however, advise all commentators, especially political and religious leaders, to be very careful at this time not to aggravate the situation with incendiary comments, comments that cash in on our religious, ethnic and political fault lines to further divide us. “The kind of comments that have been attributed to some leaders, especially religious leaders, are incendiary and reckless. Leaders should be part of solutions to problems, rather than aggravating situations. “To those asking Mr. President to resign, I wish to say this: Mr. President will not resign.” “He has the overwhelming mandate of Nigerians to preside over the affairs of the country till the expiration of his tenure in May 2023.” Vanguard Nigeria News The post Buhari will not resign over insecurity, FG declares appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Innocent Oweh; Samuel Ogidan Abuja –Â President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday painted a pathetic picture of the devastating effects of insecurity in the country, lamenting that insurgency alone had rendered at least one million children homeless, with most of them at a loss where they actually hailed from. He noted that… May 8, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Ruga: We ’ll cooperate with FG ― Bauchi gov Governor of Bauchi state, Bala Mohammed, on Monday brushed aside the controversy surrounding the establishment of Ruga (cattle Fulani settlements) around the country, saying as a state with 60 to 70% Fulani population, Bauchi welcomes the initiative. He spoke… July 1, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Nigeria’s insecurity suggests there’s no govt in power ― Secondus The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has called for the resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that the state of insecurity in the country suggests that there is no government in power.… July 16, 2019 In "News"