LEADERSHIP of both the    Nigeria Customs Service, NCS, and the Association of Nigeria Licensed Customs Agent, ANLCA, Onne Customs Command, penultimate week, averted a major crisis in the command following attempt to mob members of the Senate Committee on Customs, who visited Onne, and sought to have freight forwarders, Customs agents and Customs officials to position containers for 100 percent physical examination. Usually dependable sources informed Vanguard Maritime Report that the demand by the committee members led by its chairman, Senator Francis Ade Fadanhunsi, came as a surprise and was viewed by the port trading stakeholders as subtle blackmail, which sparked instantaneous riotous mood. The quick intervention of the leadership of the Customs and clearing agents, however, was said to have helped in dousing the situation, while Fadahunsi, a retired Customs Assistant Comptroller-General representing Osun East Senatorial District in the Senate and his committee members were spirited away to safety by Customs officials. When contacted, the Onne Customs Public Relations Officer, Ifeoma Onuigbo Ojekwu, confirmed the visit of the Senate committee members but declined to provide details. She also declined to comment on the purported attempt to attack the senators, saying “To the best of my knowledge, the Senate committee visited my boss, but I was not privy to any other business they may have been involved with.” The post Senate Customs subcommittee members escape mob attack appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard By Henry Umoru ABUJA— THE Senate,  yesterday disclosed, that about N140 billion has been returned to the Federal Government through the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, by firms and banks found guilty in its investigations into revenue leakages in the Nigeria Customs Service. Customs CG, Hameed Ali It said that… October 19, 2017 In "News" LAGOS –Â The Port Harcourt Area 2 Command of Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) located in Onne has sent warning signals to smugglers and others that engage in under-declaration of cargoes as well as falsification, saying strategies put in place by the command would definitely expose them. The command maintained that it… May 31, 2019 In "News" FORMER Senate President and elder statesman, Senator Ameh Ebute, has called on Bukola Saraki, President of the 8th Senate to immediately resign in order to save the image of the entity called Nigeria. Ebute, who was President of the Nigerian Senate during the end of the third republic, in a… July 6, 2018 In "News"