Alex Bruce says it “would not surprise” him if Liverpool signed Todd Cantwell from Norwich City this summer. The Athletic reporter David Ornstein recently claimed that Liverpool ‘have intensified their interest’ in the Norwich midfielder, and ‘can now be considered front-runners’ ahead of Manchester City, Tottenham and Manchester United. The Canaries are ‘likely’ to demand £30million or so for the 21-year-old and former Hull City defender Bruce has compared Cantwell to Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish, who has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs. “One thing that he gives you is his ball carrying,” Bruce told Football Insider when asked about Cantwell. “He is a little bit like Jack Grealish – that type of player. He plays with flair like a James Maddison. “Of course, he has some way to go before he is at their levels but it is his first season in the Premier League and he has done OK. “He has caught people’s eye and everybody is talking about him. Cantwell is young, so he is definitely a prospect. “It would not surprise me if a club like that takes a punt on him. If Norwich go down, it will be difficult to keep hold of him.” For some bizarre reason, the F365 Show was not cancelled after the pilot episode. So we’ll be back every Thursday with more irreverent nonsense intriguing insight. Subscribe here. The post Liverpool backed to sign £30m midfielder who is ‘like Grealish’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Some big admirers Manchester United have joined the race to sign Norwich star Todd Cantwell, with the youngster impressing in his Premier League debut season. Norwich may sit bottom of the table, but one player whose stock has only risen is Todd Cantwell. The 21-year-old has been Norwich’s standout performer… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Man City see off Aston Villa Manchester City played host to newly-promoted Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon. With league leaders Liverpool not playing until Sunday, Pep Guardiola’s men had the chance to temporarily reduce the gap at the top of the table to just three points. City would do exactly… October 27, 2019 In "Sports" James Maddison’s ankle injury update In the Times on Thursday, there’s a brief update on James Maddison’s ankle injury before this weekend’s Premier League between Liverpool and Leicester. Maddison has sat out Leicester’s last two matches with an ankle injury after scoring a late winner against Tottenham. View this post… October 3, 2019 In "Sports"