Mikel Arteta doubts Arsenal will have Sead Kolasinac fit again before the end of the season. Bukayo Saka is also expected to continue at left-back in the coming weeks with Kolasinac ruled out for an indefinite amount of time with what the club have described as a “significant shoulder injury” suffered during Sunday’s 3-2 win over Everton. Asked if Kolasinac would play again this season, Arsenal head coach Arteta replied: “Hopefully, yes. But I don’t know. “It’s depending on whether he’s dislocated it and if he needs surgery or not. We will know more this afternoon, hopefully. “He is seeing the specialist and we will know more – but yes, he was in pain, it’s a difficult area and we are not very positive about it.” Bukayo Saka has been impressing as a makeshift left-back in Kolasinac‘s absence, the 18-year-old winger has already provided 10 assists this season – including one in each of his last three games. The post Arsenal boss Arteta ‘not very positive’ over Kolasinac injury appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Injury blows ahead of Sheffield United Arsenal have provided an injury update on Hector Bellerin and Sead Kolasinac ahead of their clash with Sheffield United this weekend. The Gunners are looking to secure just their second league win under Mikel Arteta. The Spaniard’s start to life at Arsenal hasn’t been… January 15, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has today dropped a hint regarding Mesut Ozil’s potential role in his plans moving forward. Everton 0-0 Arsenal The Gunners travelled to Goodison on Saturday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. Arsenal headed into proceedings hoping to get their form back on track, after being… December 23, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal were underwhelming in attack at Burnley and head coach Mikel Arteta conceded his side are a long way short of his expectations. Mikel Arteta was pleased with Arsenal’s defensive resilience in their 0-0 draw at Burnley, but the Spaniard acknowledged his side are “very far from what I want”… February 2, 2020 In "News"