Iran on Saturday ordered the closure of schools and universities in two cities hit by a coronavirus outbreak that has killed five people in the Islamic republic — the most outside the Far East. The move came as Iranian authorities reported one more death among 10 new cases of the virus. Since it emerged in December, the new coronavirus has killed 2,345 people in China, the epicentre of the epidemic, and 16 elsewhere in the world. The COVID-19 outbreak in Iran first surfaced on Wednesday, when authorities said it claimed the lives of two elderly people in Qom, a Shiite holy city south of the capital. They were the first confirmed deaths from the disease in the Middle East. “We have 10 new confirmed cases of COVID-19,” Iran’s health ministry spokesman Kianoush Jahanpour told state television on Saturday. “One of the new cases has unfortunately passed away,” he added, noting that eight of them had been hospitalised in Qom and two in Tehran, without specifying where the death occurred. The latest cases take to 28 the total number of confirmed infections in Iran. Based on official figures, nearly 18 per cent of those infected with the new coronavirus in Iran have died, compared with little more than three per cent in China. As a “preventive measure”, authorities ordered the closure of schools, universities and other educational centres in Qom and the nearby city of Arak from Sunday, state television reported. The World Health Organization has expressed concern over the speed at which COVID-19 has spread in Iran, as well as it being exported from the Islamic republic to other countries including Lebanon. “The concern is… that we have seen an increase in cases, a very rapid increase in a matter of a few days,” said Sylvie Briand, director of the WHO’s global infectious hazard preparedness department. “We are just wondering about also the potential of more exported cases in the coming days,” she added. The Iranian outbreak emerged in the lead-up to a parliamentary election on Friday. State media said the disease had failed to dampen “the revolutionary zeal of Qom’s people” to turn out to vote. Iranians have been snapping up surgical face masks in a bid to avoid catching the virus. Online retailer Digikala — Iran’s equivalent of Amazon — said on Friday that it had sold 75,000 masks within a 36-hour period. It said it was not claiming a commission on its mask sales, amid concerns that demand was causing prices to skyrocket on the black market. “Besides the high demand, we stand against the unusual price increase,” Digikala tweeted. “We stand alongside our dear suppliers and by providing fresh supplies, we hope we can meet a part of the country’s demand.” The health ministry said tests had been carried out on 785 suspected coronavirus cases since the outbreak began. “Most of the cases are either Qom residents or have a history of coming and going from Qom to other cities,” its spokesman said. Iran has yet to confirm the origin of the outbreak, but one official speculated that it was brought in by Chinese workers. “The coronavirus epidemic has started in the country,” state news agency IRNA quoted the health ministry’s Minoo Mohraz as saying. “Since those infected in Qom had no contact with the Chinese … the source is probably Chinese workers who work in Qom and have travelled to China,” she added. But the official did not provide any evidence to support her claim, and it has not been reported elsewhere in Iranian media. All of those who lost their lives are believed to be Iranian citizens. Qom is a centre for Islamic studies and pilgrims, attracting scholars from Iran and beyond. Following the announcement of the deaths, neighbouring Iraq on Thursday clamped down on travel to and from the Islamic republic. The Iraqi health ministry announced that people in Iran were barred from entering the country “until further notice”. Kuwait’s national carrier Kuwait Airways also announced it would suspend all flights to Iran. [AFP] Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Iran reports fifth coronavirus death, most outside Far East appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard The Chinese Embassy in Nigeria on Wednesday said daily cured cases of COVID-19 surpassed new confirmed ones for the first time, which stood at 1,749. According to a newsletter on “Fighting 2019-nCoV” by the Embassy in Abuja, there have been no new confirmed COVID-19 cases in several Chinese province, which… February 20, 2020 In "News" As it killed more than 100 in the Chinese province on Monday A map showing just how the coronavirus could have been spread from the epicenter Wuhan has been compiled by researchers as the outbreak is revealed to have killed more 1,000 people the world over, according to data from… February 11, 2020 In "News" The World Health Organisation (WHO) says in the last 24 hours China has reported 1,820 laboratory-confirmed cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total to 46,550. Dr Michael Ryan, Executive Director, WHO Health Emergencies Programme, said this in a statement posted on the agency’s website on Friday. Ryan gave the figures… February 16, 2020 In "News"