Experts say that sexual dysfunction is a common problem among men and women, but it is more prevalent in men as stress, anxiety, and the effects of past trauma fuel causes. These experts say, the condition leaves men and women with decreasing support for problems ranging from erectile trouble to pain during sex – a situation that not only impacts people’s quality of life, but could mean they miss their chance to start a family. These experts were participants of the the radio programme “Doctors on Air” hosted by Pamela Jackson-Ajayi, founder and managing director, Synlab Nigeria who said that despite the prevalence, issues like these are not addressed by couples for fear of being stigmatised. Rufus Ojewola, consultant Urologist, Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), said that sexual dysfunction is a relatively common problem noting that with more than 40 percent of women and 30 percent of men reporting some level of dysfunction. “After the age of 40 years men will actually experience certain degree of sexual dysfunction and this series from problems of ejaculation, pre-mature ejaculation, in ability to have good penetration and satisfactory intercourse, orgasm problems and other problems,” he said. However, sexual dysfunction refers to a problem occurring during any phase of the sexual response cycle that prevents the individual or couple from experiencing satisfaction from the sexual activity. Ojewola said that the most common type of dysfunction in men is erectile dysfunction noting that there are categories of erectile dysfunction. “Erection in a man is a complex mechanism involving the central nervous system and arteries inflow and veins blockage. If there are problem in any of this, ranging from the problem in the brains, spinal cords, arteries, pelvic regions to supply in penis, then there will be problem with orgasm.” “Twenty to 40 percent of men have reach orgasm before their wives, so their wives are not satisfied and they are the one that push their husband to come to the hospital, and of course we offer solutions,” he added. Also speaking Richardson Ajayi, Executive Vice Chairman Bridge Clinic and Chairman Synlab Nigeria said that sexual dysfunction in women is amazing common, saying that it start to clearing up to 30 percent of women. “It is not something that is frequently spoken about so it terms to be an undercover. Sexual dysfunction manifest are caused by different things, it could be difficulty in full desire for sex, difficult to arouse during sexual activity, painful intercourse, inability to get orgasm, these are all issues with sex,” he said. Ajayi said that sexual dysfunction is a common problem. “There is nothing to be embarrassed about. And with treatment, most sexual dysfunction can improve or be cured.” “Myth contributes to these dysfunctions and psychological problems causes too are quite common including anxiety particularly comes with a failure performance,” said Ojewola. However, on the discussion the host said that as human beings, sexual health is part of one’s heath but people do not talk about its impacts on both men and women. “We have unreported and undocumented percentages of sexual abuse and sexual violence of minors. We have never really statistically looked at the impact it has as they become teenager and young adults,” said Iheoma Obibi, executive director, Alliances for Africa. According to Obibi there are issues that we have never really addressed as a society, saying that as for culture, there are a lot of emphasise that the boys throwing their coat and the girls closing their legs. Obibi further said that the issue is the general society attitude to sex is not something we talk about, so a lot of people grow up without really having any information. “The psychological side is very much important, even for a woman without any sexual dysfunction. If the man does not approach with care and compassion then sex is not effective. So there is a very strong emotion to sex that cannot be overlooked,” she said. Ajayi added that sexual dysfunction is actually a big problem noted that proper sexual education in schools and for every adults. ANTHONIA OBOKOH Source: Business Day In 2017, Buzzfeed News published a story about how porn therapists treat men with porn-induced erectile dysfunction, which is very much a real condition affecting more and more young people. Erectile dysfunction can be caused by stress, anxiety about your performance, substance abuse, heart disease, and several other factors. It can also be… July 29, 2018 In "News" Studies have shown that alcohol affects your sexual life negatively by causing premature ejaculation and erectile dysfunction. It is a popular belief that alcohol is an aphrodisiac, that enough of it can make you last longer in bed and ensure you have a spectacular performance also. This belief, however, is… November 5, 2018 In "News" We spoke to inventor Sergi Santos, who believes that he's found a high-tech solution to erectile dysfunction. Sergi Santos says he has a fantastic sex life. He&apos;s been with his wife Maritsa for 16 years, and he told Men&apos;s Health that he has sex somewhere between four and six times… October 9, 2017 In "News"