The Global Fund is a 21st-century partnership organization designed to accelerate the end of AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria as epidemics, Founded in 2002, the Global Fund is a partnership between governments, civil society, the private sector and people affected by the diseases. The Global Fund raises and invests nearly US$4 billion a year to support programs run by local experts in countries and communities most in need. Since 2003, the Global Fund has invested more than 1.4 billion dollars in the fight against AIDS, TB and Malaria in Nigeria. To strengthen this operations and interventions in the country, we are partnering with Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) to fill the capacity below: Job Title: Technical Officer – M & E Research & Learning Location: Akwa Ibom
Project: SIDHAS
Contract Type: Fixed Term Description Minimum Requirement Standards Application Closing Date
26th February, 2020. The post Technical Officer – M & E Research & Learning at the Global Fund appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNI currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria.&nbsp;FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven solutions.… July 16, 2019 In "Jobs" The Global Fund is a 21st-century partnership organization designed to accelerate the end of AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria as epidemics, Founded in 2002, the Global Fund is a partnership between governments, civil society, the private sector and people affected by the diseases. The Global Fund raises and invests nearly US$4… December 10, 2019 In "Gists" The Global Fund is a 21st-century partnership organization designed to accelerate the end of AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria as epidemics, Founded in 2002, the Global Fund is a partnership between governments, civil society, the private sector and people affected by the diseases. The Global Fund raises and invests nearly US$4… December 10, 2019 In "Gists"