The convener of Concerned Nigerians, Prince Deji Adeyanju has disclosed some charges the Federal government dropped against the Convener of #Revolution now Protest, Mr.  Omoyele Sowore. The charges include: Money laundering and Cyberstalking. Recall that FG had accused Sowore of conspiracy to commit treason and insulting President Muhammadu Buhari. The Department of State Service, DSS, added Sowore’s crime to include treasonable felony and defamation of the president. Mr Sowore was arrested in August for planning a nationwide protest he tagged, ‘RevolutionNow’. The Buhari administration said the planned demonstration was a treasonable act because it was aimed at fomenting a regime change. READ ALSO: NEWS EXTRA: Omoyele Sowore nominated for U.S Prisoner Of Conscience Honour  Mr Sowore denied the allegations, saying his campaign was to mobilise teeming Nigerian youth to denounce poverty, insecurity and other national challenges assailing the country. On February 12, 2020, Court resumed Sowore’s trial. Dissatisfied with the action of the Federal government, an Abuja Federal High Court led by Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu, awarded a fine of N200, 000 against FG for relying on a frivolous reason to seek an adjournment of Omoyele Sowore’s trial. However, Deji via his facebook handle disclosed that the Federal Government has today filed a fresh charge against Sowore. The charge as quoted by Deji is “an attempt to pull down Buhari’s government”. See quote below:  Vanguard The post ‪Breaking: Deji Adeyanju lists charges dropped against Sowore appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard By Ikechukwu Nnochiri The Federal Government has slammed seven-count money laundering and conspiracy charges against detained activist and convener of the RevolutionNow Protest, Mr. Omoyele Sowore, before the Abuja Division of the Federal High Court. Equally cited as a defendant in the charge marked FHC/ ABJ/CR/235/2019, a copy of which… September 20, 2019 In "News" Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to Mr Abukabar Malami, SAN, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, urging him to use his position “to without delay enter a nolle prosequi and discontinue the prosecution of the Convener of ‘RevolutionNow’ protest and publisher… September 22, 2019 In "News" Sahara Reporters’ founder and publisher, Omoyele Sowore Nigerian activist and leader of the #RevolutionNow movement, Omoyele Sowore, has been charged by the federal government with treasonable felony for allegedly organising a revolution campaign on September 5, 2019, Punch reports According to the FG, the revolution which is aimed at removing… September 21, 2019 In "Entertainment"