Chrisland University is a vision-driven private university approved by the Federal Government of Nigeria, with its take-off site in Abeokuta, Ogun State. The University envisions a world of unlimited opportunities and boundless human potentials through the offering of pragmatic innovative education that ensures full personal development and discovery) engenders creativity, and promotes skills acquisition from varieties of learning experiences to build a total person prepared for leadership. Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates for the position below: Location: OgunDepartment: Bursary Salary Other Conditions: Application Closing Date13th August, 2020. The post Purchasing Officer at Chrisland University appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Chrisland University is a vision-driven private university approved by the Federal Government of Nigeria, with its take-off site in Abeokuta, Ogun State. The University envisions a world of unlimited opportunities and boundless human potentials through the offering of pragmatic innovative education that ensures full personal development and discovery) engenders creativity,… July 18, 2020 In "Jobs" Chrisland University is a vision-driven private university approved by the Federal Government of Nigeria, with its take-off site in Abeokuta, Ogun State. The University envisions a world of unlimited opportunities and boundless human potentials through the offering of pragmatic innovative education that ensures full personal development and discovery) engenders creativity,… July 18, 2020 In "Jobs" Chrisland University is a vision-driven private university approved by the Federal Government of Nigeria, with its take off site in Abeokuta, Ogun State. The aim of the University is to become a world class institution renown for intellectual freedom, ethical standards, research, community service & outstanding training of a new… August 22, 2017 In "Jobs"