Alan Shearer has been heaping praise on Manchester United’s Mason Greenwood, after the youngster rescued a point for his side on Wednesday. Manchester United welcomed West Ham to Old Trafford on Wednesday, for what was a vital clash in the club’s fight for a Champions League spot. After then 4th-placed Leicester City dropped points last weekend, United were handed a great chance to climb into the top-four. And with West Ham having already more or less secured their top-flight status for another campaign ahead of kick-off in Manchester, one would have assumed that it would be United very much on top. However, especially in the first 45, this proved far from the case. The Red Devils looked far from their best, with a rather naive error from Paul Pogba on the stroke of half-time having handed West Ham a penalty, which Michail Antonio stepped up to convert. United did start the second-half in slightly better fashion, with Mason Greenwood having quickly drawn Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men level. The Manchester powerhouse were unable to find a second, however. In rescuing a point for Man United on Wednesday, Mason Greenwood netted his 17th goal of the season, a simply astonishing record for an 18-year-old, which has put him in some illustrious company at Manchester United: 17 – No teenager has ever scored more goals in a single season in all competitions for @ManUtd than Mason Greenwood (17 – level with George Best in 1965-66, Brian Kidd in 1967-68 and Wayne Rooney in 2004-05). Esteem. pic.twitter.com/GiXnZsnZ5W — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) July 22, 2020 As well as etching his name into the Red Devils’ history books, Greenwood also received a fair bit of praise from Alan Shearer post-West Ham. Shearer is currently the Premier League’s all-time leading goalscorer with a staggering 260 strikes. But when speaking about Greenwood on Wednesday, the former Newcastle and Blackburn standout revealed his opinion that, in 12 or 13 years, the United starlet could well be the Premier League’s record goalscorer: “A potential superstar. I respect the power, left foot, right foot, and the way he gets his shot away early, he doesn’t give the keeper a chance to set himself. “Whether it’s near-post or far-post. Everything is power, head down and hit it as hard as you can. “I was taught at Southampton, by my old youth coach Dave Merrington, to concentrate on that right foot and make it unstoppable. “Now, he can do it with his left or right foot. He gets it away early and the goalkeepers have no chance. “Tonight was exactly the same. Watch how he takes it early. “I think in 12 or 13 years time, we could be talking about a Premier League record goalscorer. “I know there’s so many things that can happen in someone’s career. But I think he’s that good.” Quotes via the Manchester Evening News. See also: Leicester City vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips Chelsea vs Wolverhampton Wanderers live streaming and betting tips Newcastle United vs Liverpool live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.