Barcelona’s comfortable victory over Alaves this evening has seen Lionel Messi add yet another record to his ever-growing collection. The Blaugrana made the trip to the Mendizorrotza Stadium a short time ago, for their final La Liga outing of the campaign. Quique Setien’s men of course headed into proceedings aware that their title chances were officially over, on the back of the latest round of midweek fixtures. A shock 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Osasuna, coupled with Real Madrid’s win over Villarreal, saw Los Blancos reclaim Spanish football supremacy for the first time since 2017. As such, this evening’s matchup did not hold much, or any real importance for Barca. Nevertheless, the Catalan giants, evidently keen to see out their domestic campaign on a high, went on to put on a show in the Basque country. An utterly dominant display eventually saw the visitors emerge with a 5-0 victory. Ansu Fati opened the game’s scoring with 25 minutes on the clock, before Lionel Messi added a 2nd ten minutes later. Luis Suarez then put the finishing touches on a sumptuous team goal to put Barcelona out of sight on the stroke of the interval, before further strikes from substitute Nelson Semedo and Messi added some gloss to the scoreline in the 2nd-half. Messi  Alba  Suarez A brilliant move for Barcelona’s 3rd goal of this first half, and they really look in the mood today  pic.twitter.com/WDv84achWv — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) July 19, 2020 As outlined above, meanwhile, as well as representing a fine evening’s work for Barcelona from a team perspective, the Blaugrana’s downing of Alaves also proved significant on an individual basis for the club’s star man. In setting up Ansu Fati for his side’s opener (albeit with the help of a deflection), Lionel Messi took his assist tally for the La Liga season to 21. This marks the most assists ever racked up by any one player over the course of a single Spanish top-flight campaign, and sees Argentine legend Messi etch his name further into the history books of both Barcelona and La Liga. On the final day of the season Messi grabs his 21st league assist of the season—the most ever in La Liga. Another record for the collection.  pic.twitter.com/LCYG8HJp4f — B/R Football (@brfootball) July 19, 2020 In addition to his creative feats this season, it should also be noted that Messi looks set to add yet another Pichichi crown to his collection by the end of the day. Following his latest brace, the 33-year-old’s 2019/20 La Liga goalscoring tally now sits at 25, four clear of Karim Benzema in 2nd-place (Real Madrid are set to take on Leganes later tonight). Patrick Kluivert & Laurent Blanc listed as candidates to be Barcelona’s next manager Leganés vs Real Madrid live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.