Chelsea seem to be inching towards signing of Kai Havertz from Bayer Leverkusen. On Monday, the Athletic reported that Chelsea were closing in on completing the deal for the 21-year-old German playmaker. That report has been rubber-stamped on Tuesday by the Times, as reporter Gary Jacob announces that “Chelsea have edged closer to securing Kai Havertz”. Like the Athletic reported yesterday, the Times announce that Real Madrid are no longer in the race to sign Havertz are they lack the funds. So how do Chelsea plan to get the deal over the line? Usually, Chelsea’s transfers are conducted by Marina Granovskaia. However, the Times claim that Petr Cech is expected to lead the negotiations to complete the Havertz deal: The German club are expecting to hold talks in person with Petr Cech, the Chelsea technical and performance adviser, after the Premier League season ends on Sunday. Once again on Tuesday, the issue of Kai Havertz’s price tag is analysed. A week ago, Sport Bild’s head of football, Christian Falk, claimed that Bayer were looking to sell Havertz for 100 million euros. Update @kaihavertz29 and @ChelseaFC: Leverkusen wants still a Transfer fee around 100 Mio Euro. But: the Club is open to having add ons/bonuses in a deal — Christian Falk (@cfbayern) July 16, 2020 Yesterday, the Athletic shaved 20 million euros off of Havertz’s asking price. Readers were told: Sources have indicated (that Havertz’s transfer fee) will most probably be about €80 million after add-ons, whether that takes the form of €65 million plus €15 million, €70 million plus €10 million or a similar arrangement around that region. Today, the Times indicate that Chelsea and Bayer still haven’t reached any agreement on the possible fee: Chelsea seem to be offering less than £70 million plus bonuses and would pay in instalments, which is lower than the £90 million demanded by Bayer Leverkusen. News of Kai Havertz’s possible move to Chelsea also appears on Tuesday’s Guardian. The Guardian report that Chelsea have already discussed a 5-year deal with the German international. Also, Chelsea fans are told that “there is growing confidence that Havertz will become the latest player to seal a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.” Chelsea close to agreement with Kai Havertz but no deal yet with Leverkusen https://t.co/oQdlWuNH6u By @JacobSteinberg and @FabrizioRomano #cfc #B04 — Marcus Christenson (@m_christenson) July 20, 2020 On the timing of any deal for Havertz, that’s unclear. This week Italian transfer guru, Fabrizio Romano, has claimed that the Havertz deal needs time, while the ball is firmly in Chelsea’s court. Atletico have not received any bid for Oblak… and they don’t want to sell him. Havertz deal as always said needs time – not advanced yet between clubs — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) July 20, 2020 Havertz is still pushing to leave Bayer Leverkusen and he’d like to join Chelsea, confirmed.During this week Chelsea board will decide also about their final budget for transfers (after signing Werner).Bayer want around €80/90m for Havertz – it’s up to Chelsea  #CFC #Chelsea https://t.co/TP2IDnQ2oA — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) July 20, 2020 Yet, the Times suggest that Bayer Leverkusen are unwilling to complete the deal before their 2019-20 Europa League campaign ends: Leverkusen have stressed to Havertz and Chelsea that they are counting on him playing for them in their Europa League campaign next month. They hold a 3-1 lead over Rangers from the first leg of the last-16 tie. Also in the Times, there’s an update on Chelsea’s attempts to sign Declan Rice from West Ham. It’s previously been reported that Chelsea view Rice as their new John Terry. Chelsea want West Ham’s Declan Rice to be their new John Terry https://t.co/UahHE2sEeA — 101 Great Goals (@101greatgoals) July 6, 2020 Moreover, Rice knows the Chelsea system well having grown up in the Blues academy. Times reporter Gary Jacob has revealed that Chelsea are willing to offer two players to West Ham in exchange for Rice: The west London club are willing to offer Ross Barkley and Michy Batshuayi to West Ham United as part of a swap deal for the England midfielder. While not specifically detailed by the Times, it seems that Chelsea would be unwilling to offer any cash in the deal. However, on the likelihood of this ‘2 for 1’ deal coming to fruition, it seems doubtful. West Ham are reportedly uninterested in the current proposal: Chelsea have faced resistance to try to re-sign Rice. West Ham do not want to sell the midfielder and are said not to be interested in Barkley or Batshuayi. View this post on Instagram S C R E A M E R A post shared by  West Ham United (@westham) on Jul 17, 2020 at 4:01pm PDT Also see: Watford vs Manchester City live streaming and betting tips. Aston Villa vs Arsenal FC live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.