Arsenal’s loss to Tottenham this evening has since seen a shocking statistic perfectly highlight just how poorly the Gunners have fared when in a winning position this season. Mikel Arteta’s men made the trip to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium a short time ago, for the latest edition of the north London derby. The visitors headed into proceedings amid a fine spell of form, which had seen them notch 4 wins from their last 5 across all competitions. Spurs, on the other hand, had managed just a solitary win from their last 3, with the Lilywhites’ latest clash having seen them held to a drab 0-0 draw by relegation-threatened Bournemouth. As such, many felt as though Arsenal actually entered the matchup as favourites to secure all 3 points. When all was said and done, though, the Gunners failed to get the job done. Arsenal did take the lead in the clash, when Alexandre Lacazette lashed home a stunning strike from the edge of the box with a quarter of an hour gone. A mix-up at the back between Sead Kolasinac and David Luiz, though, quickly allowed Tottenham back into things, as Heung-min Son made no mistake with a dinked finish over Emiliano Martinez. And the hosts’ turnaround was completed 10 minutes from time, as Toby Alderweireld rose highest to nod home a whipped corner from the left. As outlined above, meanwhile, Arsenal’s latest failure to hold onto an advantage after putting themselves in front has since given rise to a remarkable statistic. Following their derby defeat, the capital giants have now allowed 21 points to slip through their grasp after taking the lead in the Premier League this season. Incredibly, only West Ham, who have of course long been locked in a relegation scrap, have dropped more points from a winning position to this point in the campaign: 21 – Arsenal have dropped 21 points from winning positions in the Premier League this season; only West Ham (24) have lost more. Erosion. #ARSTOT pic.twitter.com/M59BRXUxTu — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) July 12, 2020 Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang tips Bukayo Saka for ‘the top’/Explains Arsenal youngster’s ‘little chilli’ nickname Mikel Arteta hints he wants Shkodran Mustafi to sign new deal at Arsenal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.