Somewhat surprisingly news concerning the end of Nigel Pearson’s reign as Watford boss has emerged from England on Sunday afternoon. Pearson, who was behind Leicester City’s Premier League great escape, took charge of the Hornets in December of 2019. The Englishman took over from Quique Sanchez Flores, who was already Watford’s second boss of the 2019/20 season. Flores hadn’t managed to turn Watford’s fortunes around, obviously. And when Pearson took over they were dead bottom of the English top-flight. Pearson was most certainly thrown in at the deep end at Vicarage Road, with Watford taking on Liverpool in his first tie. The Hertfordshire based outfit would, unsurprisingly, lose that game – though they did put up a solid fight. Pearson would then go on to guide Watford on a six-game unbeaten run in the Premier League, lifting them out of the bottom three – a task which seemed somewhat impossible back in early December. View this post on Instagram “It’s not good enough and it’s hard to put your finger on where it went wrong exactly but we’ve got to keep our heads up. There’s still two games to go, six points to play for. We can be disappointed tonight but we have to be right at it for Tuesday.” – Will Hughes A post shared by  Watford FC (@watfordfcofficial) on Jul 18, 2020 at 7:00am PDT Since that impressive run though, Watford were fairly inconsistent, especially leading up to the postponement of the Premier League in March. However, to his credit, Pearson did manage to guide Watford to two wins in their last three outings, with the Hornets still above the drop zone. But their last outing, in which they lost 3-1 to fellow strugglers, West Ham, seems to have been the final straw for the Watford higherups. As reported by the Telegraph, Pearson has been sacked as Watford manager before their final two games of the Premier League campaign. The decision to relieve Pearson of his duties is said to have been made on Sunday, two days after the Hornets aforementioned loss to West Ham. Pearson will be replaced by Hayden Mullins, the current manager of their under-23 side. The decision, despite the loss to the Hammers, is something of a surprise with many on social media particularly baffled by the sacking of Pearson. Just some of the opinions are showcased below: Watford have sacked Nigel Pearson. That’s a thoughtful reward for helping to drag a team out of the relegation zone. — Gary Lineker (@GaryLineker) July 19, 2020 They beat Liverpool FFS — Alex Kay-Jelski (@AlexKayJelski) July 19, 2020 Ridiculous decision by #watfordfc to get rid of Nigel Pearson and Craig Shakespeare now. Brought spirit and belief back, some good results, revived hope of staying up. Madness. — Henry Winter (@henrywinter) July 19, 2020 Why have Watford sacked Pearson he’s done class there — anthony townsend (@townsend1979) July 19, 2020 See also: Brighton and Hove Albion vs Newcastle United live streaming and betting tips Sheffield United vs Everton FC live streaming & betting tips Wolverhampton Wanderers vs Crystal Palace live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.