Nuno Espirito Santo’s Wolves are 6th in the Premier League following a 2-0 win against Crystal Palace on Monday night. Daniel Podence scored his first goal for Wolves to break the deadlock in the 41st minute. Left wing-back Jonny doubled the scoreline with a second in the 68th minute. The win lifted Wolves onto 59 points with one Premier League match remaining. Meanwhile, Crystal Palace have now lost 7 games in a row. Those defeats have seen the Eagles drop to 14th in the table. The big news for Wolves following the Palace game is that their Europa League destiny is now in their own hands. Wolves head to Chelsea on the final day of the Premier League on Sunday. If Wolves win at Stamford Bridge, they’ll cement their spot in next season’s Europa League. However, Chelsea also need a win to confirm their place in next season’s Champions League. Wolves’s win against Crystal Palace has lessened the likelihood that Tottenham claim a Europa League spot next season. To be clear, it’s already been confirmed that the highest place Spurs can finish in the league is 6th. Tottenham face Crystal Palace on the final day of the season. They have to in that match to stand a chance of finishing 6th. Currently, Tottenham are 7th in the league on 58 points, one point behind Wolves. It’s still unclear if 7th place will qualify a team for the Europa League. If Chelsea beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final next month, then the teams finishing in fifth to seventh place in the Premier League will qualify for the Europa League. That is because Manchester City won the League Cup but have already qualified for the Champions League after finishing the league as runners-up. However, if Arsenal win the FA Cup final and finish seventh or lower, then they and only the clubs in fifth and sixth will progress to the Europa League. Also see: Watford vs Manchester City live streaming and betting tips. Aston Villa vs Arsenal FC live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Will Raul Jimenez play against Crystal Palace & Chelsea? Wolves only have two more matches this Premier League season. This weekend, Wolves host Crystal Palace in their final match at Molineux. While Wolves close out their 2019-20 Premier League campaign with an away trip to Chelsea. There’s a chance that… July 16, 2020 In "Sports" Nuno Espirito Santo says the will and belief of his Wolves squad is “incredible” after they set a new club record for points in a Premier League season with a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace. A first half goal from Daniel Podence was followed by Jonny Otto’s second half strike… July 21, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester City overturn their UEFA ban Two Premier League teams have already qualified for next season’s Champions League. Liverpool, the 2019-20 Premier League champions, will compete in the competition. Man City are also guaranteed a spot in the Champions League following victory in their appeal against UEFA’s 2-year ban on… July 13, 2020 In "Sports"