Times reporter Paul Hirst has posted an eye-catching statement on Tuesday: Dean Henderson believes that he is good enough to displace David De Gea as Manchester United’s No 1 next season. Yet, while Henderson is obviously confident in his own ability, does United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer agree? The Times confirm that Henderson is scheduled to have talks with United over his future soon. The goalie’s loan agreement at Sheffield United is set to expire at the end of the season. Crucially, readers are told that Henderson is keen to return to Old Trafford after his loan spell with Sheffield United. However, Henderson’s position is conditional, as the Times say: It is understood that the England Under-21 international is willing to return to Old Trafford next season, but only if Solskjaer suggests that he will have a chance of being No 1. While Henderson and Man United discuss his possible return to the Theatre of Dreams this summer, the Red Devils are also keen on locking the goalie down to a new contract. Henderson’s current deal with Man United expires in 2022. The Times report the keeper currently earns £35,000 a week. However, if Henderson agrees terms on a new deal, he could receive a major pay rise to £100,000 a week. Sadly for Sheffield United, that’s far from clear. On Tuesday, Sheffield United lost 1-0 at home against Everton. As a result, the Blades’ hopes of playing Europa League football next season are over. That could impact their ability to retain Henderson. In the event that the keeper doesn’t agree to return to Man United this summer, the Times suggest Henderson could move to another club altogether: Sheffield United want Henderson back next season but he may seek a loan move to a bigger club if a suitable offer comes along. Just a few weeks ago, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer told reporters that he’d never considered dropping De Gea. Also, the Man United manager indicated that De Gea could be in goal for Man United for many more years to come. He said: It did not cross my mind for one second [to drop him]. Not at all. He has come out and said that he wants to play many many more maybe ten more years, how long will he be able to stay at the top is just up to him. However, following De Gea’s errors against Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final last weekend, the Times reveal that Solskjaer could be about to perform a u-turn. Man United host West Ham on Wednesday in the Premier League, and the Times believe that De Gea could be dropped: Solskjaer could replace De Gea, 29, with Sergio Romero for tomorrow’s crucial match at home to West Ham United. The Times also dropped another nugget of information regarding how Sergio Romero is viewing De Gea’s current problems at Old Trafford: Solskjaer’s decision to start De Gea ahead of Romero annoyed the 33-year-old, who had played in each of United’s FA Cup games until last weekend. It’s worth noting that in 59 appearances for Man United in his career, Romero has recorded 38 clean sheets. Also, the Times reveal that De Gea has been underperforming at training too: In some training sessions this season, his performances have not been up to scratch either, according to sources. Also see: Watford vs Manchester City live streaming and betting tips. Aston Villa vs Arsenal FC live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.