 The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State has described Lucky Ayedatiwa as the right choice of running mate for Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. It described Ayedatiwa who hails from Ilaje local government in Ondo South as a grassroots politician that would add value to the party. State Chairman of the Ondo APC, Mr. Ade Adetimehin, who spoke in a telephone chat, said all stakeholders were in agreement on Ayedatiwa choice. Adetimehin said the issue of loyalty to the party was considered in picking Ayedatiwa. He urged all party members in the state to rally round Governor Akeredolu and his running mate to achieve victory at the polls. According to him, “It is APC in Ondo that met and took decision on who to pick as running mate. All the party organs and members are happy in the state. “Ayedatiwa is a grassroots politician that is very loyal to the party. We do not want anybody that will betray us in the future. With the emergence of Ayedatiwa as running mate from Ondo South, the victory of APC in October governorship election.”  Original Article By Dayo Johnson – Akure THE hope of no fewer than ten chieftains of the All Progressive Congress in Ondo state eyeing the deputy governorship seat were dashed Tuesday by governor Rotimi Akeredolu. Akeredolu, according to a reliable source, has forwarded the name of Hon Lucky Ayedatiwa, a former representative… July 29, 2020 In "News" All Progressive Congress An interest group under the All Progressives Congress (APC), Aketi Women Campaign Network, has advocated for a female deputy governorship candidate from the party. The Coordinator of the group, Princess Adebunmi Osadahun, said this during a solidarity gathering on Tuesday in Akure. According to her, it is… July 29, 2020 In "News" By Osagie Otabor, Akure The All Progressives Congress(APC) in Ondo said it was not aware that Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has picked a running mate. Some sections of social media have been awashed with reports that Akeredolu has picked one Lucky Ayediatiwa as his running mate. Read Also: Ondo APC primary:… July 29, 2020 In "News"