A surprise report in the English media this evening suggests that both Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes are in doubt to feature in Manchester United’s meeting with Bournemouth. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men are set to welcome the struggling Cherries to Old Trafford tomorrow evening, for a Premier League clash. The Red Devils will head into proceedings amid a stellar spell of form, which has seen them close the gap on 4th-placed Chelsea to just 2 points. In fact, after putting Brighton to the sword by 3 goals to nil on Tuesday night, United made it 15 unbeaten across all competitions. The Manchester giants’ opponents this weekend, on the other hand, have lost 6 of their last 7 in the league, including an embarrassing 4-1 defeat at the hands of Newcastle last time out. As such, United will no doubt be confident in their chances of, at least temporarily, reestablishing themselves in the top-4 with a comprehensive victory over Eddie Howe’s men in a little under 24 hours’ time. As outlined above, however, if the latest media speculation is to be believed, then the Red Devils may be forced to do so without a pair of the club’s key men. In an absolute bolt from the blue this evening, the Mirror’s Simon Mullock has claimed that both Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes have emerged as injury doubts to feature versus Bournemouth. This comes after an apparent accidental coming together between the midfielders during a training session today left both requiring treatment. Fernandes, meanwhile, is said to have come out the worse of the pair: ‘The accidental clash occurred when Pogba ran into his team-mate as Solskjaer put his squad through their paces at Carrington.’ ‘Both men were taken away for treatment – with Fernandes appearing to come off worse.’ Significantly, it is also added that, when contacted for an update on the situation, ‘United refused to comment’. BREAKING Man Utd pair Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes both injured after training ground clash |@MullockSMirror https://t.co/rPL9Ps6S9s pic.twitter.com/E13LH0rCbs — Mirror Football (@MirrorFootball) July 3, 2020 Manchester United vs AFC Bournemouth live streaming & betting tips Jadon Sancho ‘agrees personal terms’ with Man United as Dortmund strike Jude Bellingham deal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.