 FORMER Wolfsburg coach Martin Schmidt believes Victor Osimhen will ‘settle quickly’ at Napoli and said his former pupil ‘is a great athlete’. The 21-year-old, who is set to sign for Napoli this summer, arrived at Wolfsburg in January 2017 and only played 16 games for the Bundesliga side before moving to RSC Charleroi. Osimhen arrived from Belgium to Ligue 1 last summer and has impressed in France, but Schmidt doesn’t seem surprised. “Victor is a good player, very good in pressing,” Schmidt told Radio Kiss Kiss Napoli. “He’s aggressive, he finishes well, and he has great quality. He has strength in duels too. “His mentality and passion fit well with Napoli’s philosophy. Maybe he needs to improve his tactics. “I know tactics are very important in Italian football. He’s a great athlete, very fast, plays with both feet, but he still has some potential to develop tactically.” Schmidt feels the Nigerian forward has ‘matured’ and will be ready for the challenge ahead in Naples. “Yes, I think he has matured. His mentality will help him settle quickly. His mentality and passion will help him,” he said. The FIFA U-17  World Cup winner is reportedly  set to become Napoli’s most expensive signing ever, as the Partenopei are set to pay a stunning €81m plus Orestis Karnezis and bonuses to Lille OSC.  Original Article Agency Reporter VICTOR Osimhen arrived for talks with Napoli, but his brother-in-law reiterates Italy’s ‘big racism problem’ could ultimately deter the Lille forward. According to Sky Sport Italia and Calciomercato.it, the Nigerian landed in Naples with his girlfriend and representatives. They will meet Partenopei officials later to seemingly negotiate personal… July 1, 2020 In "News" Victor Osimhen’s representative has hit out at the ‘huge lie’ that the Lille forward is keeping Napoli on hold for a Premier League move. Sources close to Osimhen hinted on Tuesday that Osimhen preferred an English club come forward for him. However, Osita Okolo has now denied that to be… July 9, 2020 In "News" Reports emerging from Naples, Italy hinted that Victor Osimhen’s purported move to Naples is being delayed by the 21-year-old who is pondering over the move. Valter De Maggio, a veteran journalist with Radio Kiss Kiss Napoli and an insider in Napoli affairs, speaking during Radio Goal, confirmed that the Lille… July 10, 2020 In "News"