Reports in the English media this evening suggest that a knee injury could see Chelsea starlet Billy Gilmour ruled out for the rest of the season. Frank Lampard’s men are set to return to action on Saturday evening, with a trip to Bramall Lane. The matchup marks a key one for both sides, in their respective pursuits of European football. Hosts Sheffield United will head into proceedings on the back of a potentially crucial win over Wolves last time out, with John Egan’s last-gasp header having seen the Blades leapfrog Arsenal in the Premier League table, and move to within a point of the top-6. Chelsea, meanwhile, are also set to enter the clash on the back of a positive result. A trip to Selhurst Park on Tuesday night eventually saw the Blues emerge with a hard-fought 3-2 win. Their latest 3-point haul has seen the capital giants strengthen their grip on Champions League football for next season, with Chelsea now 3rd in the English top-flight, with just 4 games left to play. As outlined above, though, if the latest word stemming from the media this evening proves accurate, then the final weeks of Chelsea’s battle for a top-4 berth look set to be played out sans the services of a key member of Frank Lampard’s squad. The player in question? Billy Gilmour. As revealed by the reliable Nizaar Kinsella a short time ago, midfield starlet Gilmour picked up a knee injury at Crystal Palace at the weekend, which could rule him out for several weeks. With Chelsea’s Premier League campaign set to come to a close on the 26th of July, this could well mean that the Scot’s domestic campaign has all but ended. Adding to Frank Lampard’s problems in the middle of the park, meanwhile, are further fitness issues for both N’Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic. The former is said to be struggling with a hamstring problem, while former Real Madrid man Kovacic has not yet recovered from an achilles injury. As a result, both are expected to miss out versus Sheffield United this weekend. Per reports, Billy Gilmour sustained a small knee injury which could rule him out of the next few games. Another injury in midfield for Frank Lampard so Jorginho is likely to step up in the final games: https://t.co/PowQvSIWAr#CFC — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) July 9, 2020 Sheffield United vs Chelsea live streaming and betting tips Kai Havertz wants to join Chelsea & Timo Werner is pushing him to sign Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.