Premier League side Arsenal are set to tie up a deal for Norwegian winger George Lewis, according to reports. The Gunners finished in a disappointing eighth position in the Premier League table this season with Mikel Arteta taking over from Unai Emery midway through the campaign. And now Arteta will be keen to improve his squad with a number of players being linked to the Emurates Stadium this summer. FEATURE: The ‘worst’ Premier League XI of the season It seems there will be one on the way soon after the FA Cup final against Chelsea – which gives the Gunners a potential route into Europe -with Goal claiming that Lewis, who was born in Rwanda, will join the Gunners. Goal say Arsenal ‘hope to conclude a deal’ for Lewis shortly after the final with ‘suggestions that the move has now been finalised’. The 20-year-old has been plying his trade in the Norwegian lower leagues with Tromsdalen the first club to offer him professional terms in 2017. He is now a free agent after leaving latest club Fram Larvik and ‘spent time with Ipswich and Bournemouth before being invited for an initial one-week trial at Arsenal’. The Gunners have been ‘pursuing a permanent deal for the winger’ after inviting him to stay at the club for ‘a further seven days’. Goal adds that a deal has not been struck yet and ‘that there are still some details to be ironed out’ before he can join. He will initally link up with the under-23 side if a transfer is completed and ‘sources close to the deal are confident it will go ahead’. Giving a lowdown of what Arsenal fans can expect, his former Tromsdalen coach Jonathan Hill said: “He’s very quick and direct. “He likes a stepover and has a range of tricks. He can beat a player – whether he can beat a Premier League full-back is a different thing. “I gave him his professional contract so I thought he had something because he’s got good pace, but he needs to improve his decision making and I’m sure that will improve working with players of Arsenal’s standard. “I really wish him well. He’s a really nice guy and this could be the thing that gets him going.” The post Arsenal ‘to conclude deal’ for winger soon after FA Cup final appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.