 Chairman of the Senate Committee on Constitution Review and Deputy Senate President Ovie Omo-Agege has said alterations will begin on the 1999 Constitution when the lawmakers return from this weekend’s Sallah break. Omo-Agege stated this on Wednesday when two groups – Women Education Advocacy and Development Initiative (WEADI) and League of Women Voters of Nigeria (NILOWV) – visited him in Abuja. He insisted that the Sexual Harassment Bill recently passed by the Senate was not targeted at lecturers in higher institutions but meant to flush out the few bad eggs tarnishing the image of their colleagues. The Delta Central senator regretted that few educators were soiling the image of their colleagues, majority of whom he described as “decent”. Omo-Agege hailed Senate President Ahmad Lawan for providing effective leadership while also applauding his colleagues for cosponsoring the Bill. He said: “This Bill is not targeted at our lecturers in tertiary institutions. To the extent that it is targeted at anybody, it is targeted at the errant few, the few predators in their midst. And we have them everywhere; not only in the tertiary institutions.”  Original Article Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege, who is also the Chairman of Constitution Review Committee, has said that the 9th Senate’s ongoing efforts at amending the Electoral Act were prompted by the Supreme Court The post Supreme Court, INEC brains behind electoral act amendment, says DSP Ovie Omo-Agege appeared first on… March 16, 2020 In "News" …I ‘ve been cleared of all allegations against me, says DSP Deputy President of The Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege By Joseph Erunke A coalition of nine Civil Society Organisations, CSOs, Monday accused the Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege, of perjury and, demanded that he resigns his position in the Senate.… January 13, 2020 In "News" Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege on Monday said, he had introduced a bill for comprehensive amendment of the Electoral Act No. 6 of 2010. Omo-Agege said this at the Nigeria Civil Society Situation Room Stakeholders Forum on Elections, organised by the coalition of more than 70 civil societies in Abuja.… December 9, 2019 In "News"