Manchester United won 3-0 at Brighton in the Premier League on Tuesday night. As has become commonplace since football resumed in England, the game began with a pause in support of the Black Lives Matter movement. However, is support for BLM waning at Sky Sports? Eagle-eyed viewers noticed that the likes of Gary Neville, Jamie Redknapp and Patrice Evra all stopped wearing BLM badges during Sky’s broadcast of the Brighton vs Man United game. In recent weeks, TV viewers have become accustomed to seeing guests and presenters on Sky Sports sporting the ‘Black Lives Matters’ symbol on their clothes. REVEALED: Patrice Evra led the way in Sky Sports hosts and pundits DITCHING Black Lives Matter badges https://t.co/kfICBPWeGj — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) July 1, 2020 Both the Daily Mail and the Sun have reported on why the Sky Sports personalities are no longer wearing the BLM badges. According to the Sun, “Jamie Redknapp and Patrice Evra ditched the Black Lives Matter badges on Sky Sports last night after the movement’s controversial statements criticising Israel.” Premier League refuse to drop Black Lives Matter badge after Sky Sports pundits ditch it from TV https://t.co/WmlYjic1cg pic.twitter.com/4xZeUDlz0J — The Sun Football  (@TheSunFootball) July 1, 2020 The official Twitter handle for Black Lives Matter UK has tweeted the following in recent days: As Israel moves forward with the annexation of the West Bank, and mainstream British politics is gagged of the right to critique Zionism, and Israel’s settler colonial pursuits, we loudly and clearly stand beside our Palestinian comrades. FREE PALESTINE. — #BlackLivesMatterUK (@ukblm) June 28, 2020 It’s also been reported in the Daily Mail that support for Black Lives Matters has been affected by the organisation’s call to defund the police. Reportedly, “concerns have been raised” after BLM UK posted the following: When we say ‘Defund the police’ we mean ‘Invest in programmes that actually keep us safe like youth services, mental health and social care, education, jobs and housing. Key services to support the most vulnerable before they come into contact with the criminal justice system’. https://t.co/7wJhSzywZR — #BlackLivesMatterUK (@ukblm) June 29, 2020 The Daily Mail have spoken to Sky Sports pundit Matt Le Tissier regarding the ongoing BLM issues. Le Tissier said: I just don’t agree with some of the points of that movement – specifically the defunding of the police and the anti capitalist points are things I do not agree with. They are the two main points for me. I am quite happy for them to have their point of view, but that is mine and that is where I sit. I think a lot of people in the country would agree with me. I will still wear the badge because I do of course believe black lives matter. It’s a simple thing, I agree with the cause but there are parts of the organisation that I just cannot support. Matt Le Tissier has further clarified his position on social media. If you’re a racist let me be clear, I am NOT on your side. Thank you and enjoy your day as I will mine. — Matt Le Tissier (@mattletiss7) July 1, 2020 Oh and if you’re going to come to my house as a reporter to ask me questions which I answered honestly and was polite and gave you the time of day, at least have the integrity to tell me who you actually work for instead of lying, you know who you are — Matt Le Tissier (@mattletiss7) July 1, 2020 The Premier League have been contacted for reaction to the BLM tweets regarding Israel and defunding the police. While the Premier League maintained it’s support for Black Lives Matter, arguing it’s not an endorsement of “any political organisation or movement”, they’ve also been critical of these other remarks. The BBC have published the following statement from the Premier League: We are aware of the risk posed by groups that seek to hijack popular causes to promote their own political views. These actions are entirely unwelcome and are rejected by the Premier League and all other professional football bodies, and they underline the importance of our sport coming together to declare a very clear position against prejudice. Premier League says Black Lives Matter campaign is ‘not endorsement of political movement’ https://t.co/kS309oIYPC — Dan Roan (@danroan) June 30, 2020 Also see: Arsenal FC vs Norwich City live streaming & betting tips Everton FC vs Leicester City live streaming & betting tips West Ham United vs Chelsea FC live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.