Bruno Fernandes has today opened up on his hopes of kicking on towards silverware, after helping Manchester United back to the Champions League. Following weeks of rampant speculation, attacking midfielder Fernandes finally made the move to Old Trafford on transfer deadline day in January. View this post on Instagram Amazing feeling to be part of this family! Can’t wait to get started and play in Theatre of Dreams  @manchesterunited A post shared by  Bruno Fernandes (@brunofernandes.10) on Jan 31, 2020 at 2:21pm PST And while there was understandable excitement surrounding his arrival, few could have predicted just how immediate Fernandes’ impact on Manchester United’s fortunes would prove. The Portuguese international has gone on to play a starring role for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men since his arrival, having added a new dimension of guile and creativity to the club’s midfield. All told, across 20 appearances in United’s colours, Fernandes has directly contributed to 18 goals. Even more crucially, though, has been the fact that the former Sampdoria man’s influence has also led to an upturn in results, with the Red Devils having not fallen to a Premier League defeat since January. It’s been quite the return to football for our Portuguese magnifico! Congratulations to the latest #MUFC Player of the Month: @B_Fernandes8  pic.twitter.com/KX4AdxSbwV — Manchester United (@ManUtd) July 4, 2020 United’s latest victory, at Leicester this past weekend, meanwhile, of course saw the Manchester giants book their spot in next season’s Champions League. As such, speaking in an interview with MUTV earlier today, Fernandes, who found the net from the penalty spot at the King Power, was drawn on his hopes after helping to guide his side back to Europe’s premiere club competition. The Portuguese supremo, however, evidently views United’s top-4 finish as just the beginning, with Fernandes having been quick to highlight his desire to secure silverware at Old Trafford: ‘Of course, playing Champions League is always special and I hope it can be with the supporters, that will be more special. We know the only thing we could achieve this season was getting into the Champions League, so we fought hard for that.’ ‘But we are not happy enough because we know this club and these players, they can bring much more for the club. I think we have qualities enough to fight for some titles – more than one title, you know? I think we need to win some trophies and then we’ll be really happy.’ Reports of big-money Man United Sancho bid shut down Ivan Perisic to Man United could prove the key to Inter Milan keeping hold of Alexis Sanchez Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.