Josepdam Port Services is one of the leading terminals in Nigeria, with three berths totalling 484 meters in length. Josepdam Port Services is the terminal operator of Tincan terminal A, that was successful in 2006 to gain the concession agreement with Nigerian Port Authority. JPS has put in a new investment development plan that will see more than USD $50 million injected into the terminal to improve the services delivered. JPS staffs are professionals, well trained and positioned for excellence. At JPS, we operate e-banking system of payment to ease banking transactions and smooth operations. Over the years, we have evolved to paperless means of operation referred to as Tally Green, by applying state-of-the-art technology from the arrival of cargo to final dispatch Josepdam Port Service is located on the South-Eastern edge of Tincan Island. Located 6*25 North 3*213′ East. The Lagos port main interland comprises the South Western States in particular; Lagos, Ogun, Osun and Oyo States. Further inland, the Central and Northern State are more or less equidistant to either Lagos Port or Eastern Ports, in particular Port Harcourt / Onne. We need the services of professionals for immediate employment in the position below: Location: Lagos Application Closing Date14th August, 2020. The post Electrical Technicians at Josepdam Port Services (JPS) Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. By YUSUF BABALOLA, Lagos Nigeria has imported palm oil worth over $3.2billion in the last ten years, LEADERSHIP can authoritatively report. Findings by LEADERSHIP revealed that the nation imported a cumulative 4,760,000 tonnes of palm oil from 2007 to November, 2017. Palm oil, hitherto one of the nation’s major foreign… December 7, 2017 In "News" The new manager, Tin-Can Island Port, Lagos, Mr Emmanuel Akporherhe, has pledged to work with stakeholders there to end the perennial traffic congestion along access roads to the port. Akporherhe said this on Wednesday during an operational tour of all terminals within the Tin-Can Island Port with his management team.… November 29, 2017 In "News" Intels No one could have seen the huge benefits lying under the vast expanse of land situated in Onne, Port Harcourt, until the Integrated Logistics Company (INTELS), took the bold step and berthed technical expertise to transform the port complex to one of the largest oil and gas free zones… December 4, 2017 In "News"