The West African Health Organisation (WAHO) is the health institution of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), with a mandate to ensure the attainment of the highest possible standard and protection of the health of the people in the ECOWAS region. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: West Africa Deadline: 13th August, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Burkina Faso Deadline: 13th August, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: West Africa Deadline: 30th July, 2020. Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Mali Deadline: 30th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Burkina Faso Deadline: 30th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Burkina Faso Deadline: 30th July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Fresh Job Recruitment at West African Health Organisation (6 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The West African Health Organisation (WAHO) is the health institution of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), with a mandate to ensure the attainment of the highest possible standard and protection of the health of the people in the ECOWAS region. We are recruiting to fill the following… July 8, 2020 In "Jobs" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): [COVID19-LINE country="Nigeria" confirmed_title="confirmed" deaths_title="deaths" recovered_title="recovered"] African Development Bank Group (AfDB) – Established in 1964, the African Development Bank is the premier pan-African development institution, promoting economic growth and social progress across the continent. There are 80 member states, including 54 in Africa (Regional Member Countries). The Bank’s development… April 29, 2020 In "Gists" African Development Bank Group (AfDB) – Established in 1964, the African Development Bank is the premier pan-African development institution, promoting economic growth and social progress across the continent. There are 80 member states, including 54 in Africa (Regional Member Countries). The Bank’s development agenda is delivering the financial and technical… August 21, 2019 In "Jobs"