Stories linking Brentford’s Said Benrahma with a possible summer move to Chelsea have been around for several weeks. Back in May, Algerian news outlet La Gazette du Fennec reported that Chelsea were looking to sign Benrahma. La Gazette du Fennec said that Chelsea have “accelerated” their interest in signing Benrahma, and that the Blues had begun official talks. 24-year-old Benrahma is under contract with the Bees until 2022. In 39 Championship matches this season, Benrahma has scored 15 goals and chipped in with 9 assists. Last Saturday, Benrahma scored a hat-trick for Brentford in a 3-0 win against Wigan. While on Tuesday night, Benrahma was back on the scoresheet as he converted a penalty in a 2-1 win against Charlton. On Tuesday night, after the Charlton game, Benrahma streamed a live video on Instagram. During the stream, Moroccan international Fahd Moufi indicated that Benrahma could soon be a Chelsea player. Writing in the comments section, Moufi wrote: “Congratulations on Chelsea my brother!” Does this mean Benrahma’s Chelsea move is done and dusted? No, we can’t say that. However, this is clearly one possible transfer that’s worth monitoring. On Saïd Benrahma’s Instagram live today, his friend, Moroccan international Fahd Moufi wrote in the comments – “Congratulations on Chelsea my brother ” He’s either playing around, or he may have confirmed Benrahma is close to signing for Chelsea. pic.twitter.com/c4Ei4ijthx — LDN (@LDNFootbalI) July 7, 2020 Chelsea fans may wonder if the club need Said Benrahma. Winger Hakim Ziyech has already joined Chelsea from Ajax, and he’s poised to play on the flank next season. At the same time, Christian Pulisic is currently flying. The American’s performances have propelled him into Chelsea’s likely starter on their left-hand side. Meanwhile, Timo Werner will also be at Chelsea next season. The German striker has often been deployed on the left-side too. While Callum Hudson-Odoi is waiting on the sidelines for his chance to shine. Also see: Manchester City vs Newcastle United live streaming & betting tips. Sheffield United vs Wolverhampton Wanderers live streaming & betting tips. Brighton & Hove Albion vs Liverpool FC live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.