 The National Welfare Officer of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Dr. Stella-Maris Okey has lamented that the poor state of infrastructure across Nigerian universities. She said it had defeated the philosophy of education in Nigeria which was meant to be qualitative, comprehensive, functional and relevant to the needs of the society. Presenting a paper titled “Poor infrastructure in Universities: A validation of ASUU struggles” during a virtual workshop organised by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) of the Federal University of Technology, Minna branch, the Don said lack of infrastructure had hampered the ability of universities to train graduates to meet the demands of the Nigerian society and the world at large. Read Also: Schools’ reopening: Will ASUU resume? “History has it that Nigeria was a country that produced world-class higher education graduates that competed with their counterparts around the world. Hard work was their watch word. But, today the story is different. That is why it is history,” the doyenne of Educational Management enthused. Okey praised ASUU for being at the forefront of demanding for proper funding and revitalization of public universities, especially in terms of providing adequate infrastructure to aid effective academic exercise. She noted that funding was the heart of education since it touches on various aspects of planning, facilities, equipment and recruitment of competent teachers.  Original Article By Kemi Olaitan The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) Thursday decried the ranking of public universities in the country, stating that the positions of the universities vindicate the resolve of the union that the federal government has failed to properly fund education. With the 2020/2021 ranking released by the… June 25, 2020 In "News" It is well established that improvements in education are associated with long-term improvements in economic performance. It improves the overall skills and abilities of the workforce leading to greater productivity and contributes to economic growth. However, successive governments in the last 19 years are yet to put forward a lasting… November 25, 2018 In "News" Kogi state Governor, Yahaya Bello The Academic Staff Union of Universities, (ASUU), on Thursday said the Kogi state governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, lacked the power to proscribe the union in the state-owned university, Anyigba. The union said the action of the governor was based on his ignorance of the law… July 20, 2017 In "News"