Championship table-toppers Leeds United have today become the latest English club linked with a move for Celtic star Odsonne Edouard. Edouard, a 22-year-old striker, has been on the books of Scottish champions Celtic since the summer of 2017. And, over the course of the last 3 years, the PSG youth product has gone on to establish himself as one of, if not the most highly-regarded young talent in Scotland. After impressing during a loan stint in Glasgow during the 2017-18 campaign, Celtic unsurprisingly opted to make Edouard’s signing permanent, with the Frenchman having been the man chosen to replace Moussa Dembele at Parkhead. And to say that Edouard has since managed to fill the sizable boots of his fellow countryman would be putting it lightly. All told, since the beginning of last season, the gifted hitman has racked up a hugely-impressive 49 goals, to go along with 27 assists, across all competitions. It’s that man again! A 25th goal of the season for Odsonne Edouard! And a crucial away goal for Celtic in Copenhagen  pic.twitter.com/Zlue2GPGzM — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) February 20, 2020 As such, Edouard’s stellar production has inevitably seen the 22-year-old named as a target for some of European football’s heavyweights. Recent months have seen the likes of Manchester United and Everton both tipped to swoop for the Celtic star, though the outfit most persistently tipped as a potential landing spot have been Arsenal. And, as outlined above, if the latest speculation stemming from the media today is to be believed, then yet another English club have now positioned themselves in the race for Edouard’s signature. The side in question? Leeds United. Multiple outlets over the last 24 hours have suggested that the Frenchman has been identified as a key summer target, ahead of the 2020/21 campaign. The Mirror (via Goal), though, claim that such a swoop would only become a possibility in the case that Leeds secure promotion to the Premier League. Following their win at Blackburn yesterday, Marcelo Bielsa’s men sit 4 points clear atop the Championship table (though West Brom are, as things stand, in position to close this gap to just a point). Leeds United are reportedly plotting a move for Celtic striker Odsonne Edouard. That’s what the papers are saying. The latest gossip: https://t.co/WTHgVlYJLi#bbcfootball pic.twitter.com/RhhoLjKxVd — BBC Sport (@BBCSport) July 5, 2020 Mikel Arteta assesses Arsenal’s Champions League hopes before Leicester Pep Guardiola predicts Man City will overturn their UEFA ban Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.