The XI opted for by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer for Manchester United’s meeting with Bournemouth this afternoon saw the Red Devils bring an end to a remarkable 14-year streak. United are currently locked in action with the Cherries at Old Trafford. The hosts headed into proceedings brimming with confidence, amid a 15-game unbeaten streak across all competitions. Bournemouth, on the other hand, had fallen to defeat in 6 of their preceding 7, including a 4-1 drubbing at the hands of Newcastle last time out. As such, it came as something of a shock when, just past the quarter of an hour mark, Eddie Howe’s men took the lead. A moment of individual brilliance on the part of Junior Stanislas saw the Bournemouth attacker nutmeg Harry Maguire, before beating the disappointing David de Gea at his near post from the tightest of angles. Normal service, though, was soon resumed. A quickfire Manchester United treble has since seen the Red Devils carry what is no doubt set to prove an unassailable advantage into the interval. Mason Greenwood levelled things up with a wonderful strike on the half-hour, after being teed up by Bruno Fernandes. The hosts’ 2nd then arrived just 5 minutes later, as Marcus Rashford slotted home from the penalty spot following an Adam Smith handball. Marcus Rashford (aged 22) is the youngest player to score 20+ goals (all comps) in a single season for Man Utd since Wayne Rooney (then aged 21) in April 2007 pic.twitter.com/4VUhjoOdEW — Sky Sports Statto (@SkySportsStatto) July 4, 2020 And, with just moments to go before the half-time whistle, United made it 3, as Anthony Martial bent an absolutely sumptuous effort beyond the helpless Aaron Ramsdale from just outside the box. As outlined above, meanwhile, the Red Devils XI currently making short work of Bournemouth actually came as a hugely significant one in the recent history of the club. The line-up opted for by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer came as follows: Ole names an unchanged line-up for #MUFC… #MUNBOU @DHLManUtd — Manchester United (@ManUtd) July 4, 2020 This side is the same one to have lined out in both of United’s previous two Premier League outings, versus Sheffield United and Brighton respectively. And, as revealed by the reliable Samuel Luckhurst, this has brought to an end a remarkable 14-year run, during which the Manchester giants failed to make use of the same starting XI in 3 consecutive league fixtures: #mufc squad exactly the same as 20 vs Brighton. First time since November 2006 United have named an unchanged XI in three Premier League matches running. — Samuel Luckhurst (@samuelluckhurst) July 4, 2020 Jadon Sancho ‘agrees personal terms’ with Man United as Dortmund strike Jude Bellingham deal Dean Henderson reveals hopes of emulating David de Gea: ‘Hopefully I have a career at Man Utd like he has’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.