Man City only need one more point to confirm their spot in the Premier League top 4 this season. Will the Sky Blues compete in the Champions League in 2020-21? City are expected to receive the verdict in their appeal against a 2-year UEFA ban next week. As City wait for that judgement from the Court of Arbitration in Sport, on the pitch, Pep Guardiola could hardly have asked for more against Newcastle on Wednesday. David Silva was the star of the show as he scored City’s fourth, while chipping in with two assists. Gabriel Jesus opened in the 10th minute, while Riyad Mahrez doubled the lead in the 21st. Newcastle’s Federico Fernandez scored an own goal before the hour. After Silva’s fourth, the Spaniard teed up Raheem Sterling for a late 5th. Next up for Man City is an away trip to Brighton on Saturday. Brighton lost 3-1 against Liverpool on Wednesday night. Will Kevin De Bruyne be fit for the match against the Seagulls? In the second half of the Newcastle game, De Bruyne was left grimacing and looking in pain following a challenge from Danny Rose. De Bruyne managed to finish the game, however Pep Guardiola was asked about KBD’s injury in his post-match press conference. Guardiola said: I was trembling! That was scary. But after the third goal he made two big runs and I thought OK he is fit. I haven’t spoken to him because of social distancing. We have two or three locker rooms. The doctor hasn’t said anything to me. After a couple of recent appearances for Man City, rumours have surfaced this week over the future of Spanish centre-half, Eric Garcia. According to the whispers, Barcelona are keen on signing Garcia this summer. The youngster’s contract expires in 2021. Guardiola was asked about the likelihood Garcia leaves City for Barcelona following the Newcastle game. Pep warned the Catalans that City plan to retain the centre-half for the long-term: I have no update. He has one year on his contract. If they want him they must call Txiki. We are going to try and convince him to stay here for many years. I’m confident. But it’s his decision. He knows we want him. It was the same with Leroy (Sane, now with Bayern Munich). We wanted him but he didn’t want to stay. He knows. His agent knows. His family knows. That we want him. If anyone else wants him they have to go to Txiki. Also see: AFC Bournemouth vs Tottenham Hotspur live streaming & betting tips. Everton FC vs Southampton FC live streaming & betting tips. Aston Villa vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.