Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has moved to ease fears over the injury picked up by Richarlison during his side’s victory over Leicester City. The Toffees welcomed Brendan Rodgers’ men to Goodison Park a short time ago. Everton headed into proceedings amid a positive spell of form, having impressed since the Premier League’s resumption last month. After securing a solid point versus Liverpool, Carlo Ancelotti’s outfit followed up with a 1-0 win at Norwich last time out. Leicester, on the other hand, entered the clash amid a worrying stretch of no wins in their last 3. And, when all was said and done on Merseyside this evening, the matchup played out true to form. First-half goals from Richarlison and Gylfi Sigurdsson eventually proved enough to guide Everton to all 3 points, with Kelechi Iheanacho’s strike following the interval having come as little more than a consolation for Leicester. One concern on an otherwise positive evening from an Everton perspective, however, came on the personnel front. The player to have picked up the problem, meanwhile, was Richarlison. After putting his side in front at Goodison, Brazilian attacker Richarlison was forced off shortly before the hour-mark, following a late challenge from Wilfred Ndidi. This understandably resulted in immediate concern amongst the Everton faithful, with Richarlison one of the Toffees’ star men. Carlo Ancelotti, though, has since moved to ease fears over any sort of long-term problem. Speaking in a post-match press conference a short time ago, the Italian tactician confirmed that his side’s key attacker only picked up ‘a knock’, and therefore looks set to be fit to take on Tottenham next Monday night: ‘It was only a knock on his ankle – he will not have a problem recovering.’ Ancelotti gives an update on Richarlisonhttps://t.co/zkhSnk3rAd — Everton FC News (@LivEchoEFC) July 1, 2020 Man United confirm free agent exit of Chelsea-linked Angel Gomes Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang provides update on Arsenal future after breaking club record vs Norwich Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.