Premiere Urgence Internationale (PUI) is a non-governmental, non-profit, non-political and non-religious international aid organization. Our teams are committed to supporting civilians’ victims of marginalization and exclusion, or hit by natural disasters, wars and economic collapses, by answering their fundamental needs. Our aim is to provide emergency relief to uprooted people in order to help them recover their dignity and regain self-sufficiency. PUI has been implementing humanitarian activities in Nigeria since April 2016, supporting population with food security, nutrition, health and protection project in Maiduguri and Borno State. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Maiduguri, Borno BackgroundThe PUI Nigerian Mission has been officially opened in April 2016, with a focus on meeting urgent needs, including improving access to food commodities, primary health care and nutrition for Internally Displaced People (IDP) and host communities (HC) living in Maiduguri Metropolitan Council (MMC). The progressive sectorial widening allowed PUI to start implementing an integrated approach from 2017 in food security, livelihoods, nutrition and health sectors, with the support of ECHO, FFP, OFDA and CIAA/CDC, in line with PUI’s global strategy. From the launch of the health care services in February 2017 to the end of April 2018, a total of 119 913 OPD consultations were reached in Bolori II, while more than  60.000 beneficiaries have been reached by our cash project. In mid-2018, PUI has developed its comprehensive response by adding Protection and Community Outreach (PCO) activities to the existing programs in Bolori II. In the month of October 2018 only, more than 3.500 households have received door to door visit from the PCO team. In 2018, PUI has also scaled up its intervention with the opening of Monguno LGA base, with the main objectives of reducing morbidity and mortality of the most vulnerable population and promoting protection amongst the whole affected community. This opening in Monguno allowed PUI to reach the vulnerable population in Kukawa and Cross Kauwa LGA. General Objective Responsibilities and TasksInternal Staff Regulations: Administration, Management and Career Path Management: Team Management: Organization of Work: Managing HR Risks: Internal and External Communication and Representation: Priorities of the Department Mandatory Requirements Other: AssetsInterests: Transversal Skills: Application Closing Date21st July, 2020. The post Deputy Human Resources Coordinator at Premiere Urgence Internationale (PUI) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.