On-loan Arsenal star Dani Ceballos has today provided an insight into his potential future at the club, amid the Spaniard’s impressive recent spell of form. Mikel Arteta’s men took to the pitch for their latest outing this past Saturday, in an FA Cup semi-final meeting with Manchester City. The Gunners headed into proceedings with their tails up, having put a disheartening North London Derby defeat at the hands of Tottenham firmly behind them with an impressive victory over Liverpool during the week. And, when all was said and done at Wembley 48 hours ago, Arsenal’s resurgence continued. A stellar performance on the part of the capital giants eventually saw heavily favoured Manchester City downed by 2 goals to nil. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang bagged the goals for Arteta’s outfit either side of half-time, to set up a meeting with London rivals Chelsea in the competition’s finale on August 1st. Evidently, based on the eventual scoreline, a number of Arsenal’s stars impressed versus City on Saturday. Matchwinner Aubameyang, David Luiz, Kieran Tierney and more hardly put a foot wrong at Wembley, in a true team performance. One man who’s contributions perhaps slipped a touch under the radar, though, was Dani Ceballos. Spanish midfielder Ceballos once again showcased the new-found grit and determination in his game versus Pep Guardiola’s men, proving key to stifling the creative influence of the likes of Kevin De Bruyne and David Silva. The 23-year-old was also typically neat and tidy with the ball at his feet, in just the latest in a string of standout displays at the heart of Arsenal’s midfield since the resumption of English football last month. And, as outlined above, if Ceballos’ latest comments are anything to go by, then the north Londoners could well be set to avail of their on-loan Spaniard’s talents beyond the end of his current deal with the club next month. Speaking earlier today on the back of his side booking their spot in the FA Cup final, Ceballos was drawn on his future at the Emirates. And, though he was quick to admit that the ultimate decision lies with parent club Real Madrid, the La Roja star crucially added that he would find it ‘very easy to return’ to Arsenal following the conclusion of the campaign: ‘I have to return to Real Madrid and they have to make a decision because I have a contract there for the next three years’, Ceballos explained during an interview with Sky Sports. ‘Once I know their decision, I will sit down with my family and the people close to me and see what’s best for me next year.’ ‘But the truth is I’m very happy at Arsenal. It’s a club in which I already have a year of experience, so it would be very easy to return. I wouldn’t have to adapt to a new league or new club with a different manager and players.’ ‘I think it would be a good step for me. But like I said, my future depends on Real Madrid and right now I don’t know their decision.’ How Arsenal could lose the FA Cup final to Chelsea but still play Liverpool in the Community Shield Why Nigel Pearson was sacked, his survival bonus & Hayden Mullins in charge for Man City & Arsenal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.