 COUNCIL chairmen under the aegis of Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), Oyo State branch, have described the resolution of the House of Assembly ordering members to return government property in their custody, as a product of “dullards’ instinct, legislative rascality and a deliberate misinterpretation of a simple judgment written in simple English language.” The sacked council bosses said the move is another step by the government in its serial anarchism to impose dictatorship and culture of violence on the state since the case started over a year ago. The group, who spoke on Sunday through the Chairman, Prince Ayodele Abass-Aleshinloye, accused the lawmakers of deliberately misinterpreting the Appeal Court judgment, noting that the appellate court never set aside the mandate of the sacked council bosses. He said: “It has come to the notice of ALGON, Oyo State that the House of Assembly passed a resolution recently directing all democratically elected chairmen and councillors to hand over the property of the Oyo State Government in their legitimate care. “This ridiculous resolution was passed purportedly acting on the July 15 judgment of the Court of Appeal, Ibadan Division in a Suit CA/IB/300 Bashorun Majeed Ajuwon & Others Vs Governor of Oyo State & Others. “ALGON considers the mischievous resolution as a product of dullards’ instinct, legislative rascality and a deliberate misinterpretation of a simple judgment written in simple English language, as another step by the government in its serial anarchism to impose dictatorship and culture of violence on the state since the case started over a year ago. “Appeal Court never upheld the illegal dissolution of democratically elected local government by the governor. “It only allowed the appeal by the state government to challenge the High Court judgment we procured before Governor Seyi Makinde became governor and not our mandate because it was never a subject of appeal in the first instance. “The judgment had nothing to do with our elections or legalise the unlawful removal by the governor. The court only said that the perpetual injunction /judgment we procured after our election on May 6, 2019 was speculative, hence it allowed the appeal of the state to challenge the judgment and not our May 2018 election and mandate, which were never speculative. “In anyway, Appeal Court couldn’t have run contrary to the Supreme Court precedent  judgment, which clearly declared as illegal, null and void dissolution of elected local government by any governor or state assembly in Nigeria (as reaffirmed in Governor Fayemi & Ors V. Olubunmo & 13 Others). “We hereby enjoin elected chairmen, councillors, the media and citizens to ignore the repugnant and contemptuous resolution and never join the assembly in its self-imposed parliamentary confusion sauced with lies. “ALGON sincerely appreciates the support and understanding of all discerning citizens as we proceed to the Supreme Court for final adjudication.”  Original Article