Tottenham midfielder Giovani Lo Celso is suffering from an ongoing injury. Lo Celso has been a regular starter for Jose Mourinho this season, while the Argentine played 83 minutes last weekend in the derby win against Arsenal. However, ahead of the Newcastle game, Mourinho has confirmed that Lo Celso is playing while not 100%. The Tottenham manager has revealed that Lo Celso is still hampered by a groin injury originally sustained in March. Asked if Lo Celso is still troubled by the problem, Mourinho said: A little, yes. We are waiting for the end of the season, then with the three weeks more or less of holiday, and probably a month of pre-season, we think it’ll be enough time to take care of his problem. Mourinho didn’t indicate that Lo Celso would need an operation to fix his groin issue. Previously, Mourinho has suggested that Lo Celso couldn’t receive adequate treatment on his injury during the lockdown. Sounds like Lo Celso will likely feature at some point tomorrow. Jose says he was injured just before the lockdown but protocols meant he couldn’t get the required treatment. — Charlie Eccleshare (@CDEccleshare) June 18, 2020 Also see: Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur live streaming & betting tips. Tottenham are likely to continue to be without Dele Alli for the match against Newcastle on Wednesday. Mourinho has given an update on Alli’s fitness, saying: I have no information from the medical department that Dele needs anything surgical. This time, it was a minor (strain), a Grade 1. It’s not as big as he had in the past. That’s why I think if not for this match, then maybe for the next match or the last match he can be ready. So it’s nothing major, but an area where he had problems, where he has a history. Of course we need to try to take control of it, which we’re doing anyway. Probably because of that, that’s why he’s not having big problems for the past month. Eric Dier is again unavailable for Tottenham following his 4-match suspension. Serge Aurier is a doubt to feature against Newcastle after the tragic murder of his brother in France last weekend. Tanguy Ndombele is out of the Newcastle game after picking up an injury in training. Also see: Manchester City vs Bournemouth live streaming and betting tips. Arsenal FC vs Liverpool FC live streaming & betting tips. Crystal Palace vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.