France Football have this afternoon confirmed that the Ballon d’Or award will not be handed out this year, due to the ‘exceptional circumstances’ brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic. The Ballon d’Or, or ‘golden ball’, is widely considered to be the gold standard when it comes to individual accolades in football. Since its inception in 1956, a whole host of the game’s greatest-ever players have been crowned as winners. Recent years have of course seen two of the finest to ever step foot on the pitch, in the form of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, dominate proceedings, with last year’s ceremony having seen the latter crowned for a record-breaking 6th time. As outlined above, however, it looks set to be some time before a successor to Barcelona’s talisman is crowned. This comes on the back of confirmation this afternoon that the 2020 edition of the Ballon d’Or will not be handed out. In a statement across their website and social media platforms, France Football, responsible for awarding the prize, announced that: ‘For the first time in its history, started in 1956, the France Football Ballon d’Or will not be awarded in 2020, due to the lack of sufficient fair conditions.’ A host of reasons are provided for the decision, with the key one as follows: ‘Because such a singular year cannot – and should not – be treated as an ordinary year. When in doubt, it is better to abstain than to persist.’ À circonstances exceptionnelles, dispositions exceptionnelles. Pour la première fois de son histoire, débutée en 1956, le #Ballondor France Football ne sera pas attribué en 2020, faute de conditions équitables suffisantes. Nos explications sur ce choix : https://t.co/LgRr8GCuKD pic.twitter.com/Z1x3L3QBGV — France Football (@francefootball) July 20, 2020 France Football’s Ballon d’Or call has understandably come as quite a shock to fans, with many having since pointed to one player in particular as having been especially hard done by: When you have the best goal-scoring season of your career and the Ballon d’Or ceremony is canceled. pic.twitter.com/GrkQ3Angbk — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) July 20, 2020 Robert Lewandowski finding out France Football have cancelled the Ballon D’or award this year…pic.twitter.com/VR99kHGei9 — Footy Accumulators (@FootyAccums) July 20, 2020 BREAKING NEWS: The Ballon d’Or will not be awarded in 2020 due to the break in football this year. Gutted for this man. pic.twitter.com/81bLa3qOSm — Footy Accumulators (@FootyAccums) July 20, 2020 Lewandowski outscores/outperforms everyone this season FIFA : No ballon d’or this year Lewandowski: pic.twitter.com/ubgohWU8nF — LEVI (@UcheyFCB) July 20, 2020 Goal contributions this club season Lewandowski: 57 (6 penalties)Messi: 54 (5 penalties)Ronaldo: 37 (12 penalties) The Ballon d’Or race was between Messi or Lewandowski if I am honest. Ronaldo shouldn’t be considered in this list. He has 25 goal contributions without pens. — Ronaldo fan (@CR7peak) July 20, 2020 Just imagine Bayern Munich winning the Champions League and Lewandowski scoring in every single knock-out round which includes the Final, after already having a brilliant individual season. Would actually feel so bad for him. Would mean a guaranteed Ballon d’Or. —    (@TheEuropeanLad) July 20, 2020 Lionel Messi breaks another La Liga record in Barcelona’s drubbing of Alaves with 7th Pichichi looking imminent Kai Havertz’s Chelsea transfer is close as Real Madrid drop out of the race Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.