The latest speculation in Portugal has suggested that Arsenal are set to close a deal for Sporting CP starlet Joelson Fernandes imminently. Fernandes, 17, has long been viewed as one of Portuguese football’s standout talents. The winger is a product of Sporting CP’s famed academy, and recently became the youngest player to ever represent the capital giants in a competitive fixture. He has since gone on to line out for Sporting’s senior side on a further pair of occasions, though it is Fernandes’ displays as part of the club’s U23 setup which have seen him truly begin to turn heads across Europe. Despite having only turned 17 in February, the gifted attacker managed 5 goals and 2 assists across 28 appearances in the Liga Revelacao this past season. In fact, so impressive has Fernandes looked over the course of the last couple of years, that he has been dubbed the ‘new Cristiano Ronaldo’. Que obra de arte de Joelson Fernandes pelos sub-17 da @selecaoportugal! Para ver e rever  #LeõesNasSelecções pic.twitter.com/BnYEbQQNnm — Sporting Clube de Portugal (@Sporting_CP) November 13, 2019 As such, Fernandes’ eye-catching talents have inevitably begun to attract the interest of some of Europe’s heavyweights. The likes of Barcelona and Juventus are both thought to be keeping a close eye on the Portuguese youth international’s situation. Recent weeks, however, have seen one club named as the clear frontrunners in the race for Fernandes’ signature. The outfit in question? Arsenal. Just last week, A Bola suggested that the Gunners were ‘on the verge’ of activating the Sporting star’s release clause, worth £41 million. And, as outlined above, the same outlet have this evening taken their claims a step further. A fresh update courtesy of A Bola states that an Arsenal delegation are set to make the trip to Lisbon either tonight or tomorrow, ‘to close an agreement’ with Sporting. The north Londoners’ transfer chiefs will be accompanied by super agent Kia Joorabchian, Fernandes’ representative, who is known to maintain a close relationship with those in a position of power at the Emirates. In further Arsenal-related transfer news doing the rounds online today, meanwhile, it has been claimed that Mikel Arteta’s men are also making progress in their pursuit of Philippe Coutinho. As reported by Sport Witness (citing Spanish outlet Sport), Barcelona outcast Coutinho is increasingly opening to the idea of a move to north London. Despite having initially been reluctant due to the likely significant wage cut that would be coming his way at Arsenal, the 28-year-old is now thought to have changed his stance. As such, Coutinho has asked the Gunners for more time to come to a definitive decision, though the signs appear increasingly positive. Philippe Coutinho | Arsenal ‘gaining more strength every day’ for signing – Player considering Gunners seriously. Would have to take big pay cut, which at first put him off, but has since asked for time to think. https://t.co/AO1OZaJ1SH #afc — Sport Witness (@Sport_Witness) July 27, 2020 Leeds tipped to swoop for Arsenal & Man United goalkeepers Arsenal’s Bukayo Saka admits choosing between England & Nigeria will be tough Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Speculation in Portugal today has outlandishly suggested that Premier League giants Arsenal are on the verge of signing Sporting CP starlet Joelson Fernandes. Sporting prodigy Fernandes, 17, has long been viewed as one of Portuguese football’s standout talents. The winger is a product of Sporting CP’s famed academy, and recently… July 18, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal are set to trigger the release clause of Sporting Lisbon wonderkid Joelson Fernandes, according to reports. Reports emerged recently that Arsenal are interested in Joelson, who made his senior debut for Sporting at the start of the month. The 17-year-old is under contract until 2022, but Sporting have been… July 18, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening responded to suggestions that he recently travelled to watch Sporting CP star Bruno Fernandes in action. Sporting standout 25-year-old Fernandes has emerged as one of Portuguese football’s star performers over the last couple of seasons. The former Udinese and Sampdoria man… January 10, 2020 In "Sports"