 ALL Progressives Congress National Leader Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has commiserated with Lagos House of Assembly Speaker Mudashiru Obasa and party Chairman Tunde Balogun, over the death of the member representing Kosofe Constituency II, Tunde Braimoh. In separate condolences to the Speaker and the APC chair, Tinubu said he was shocked and distressed by the news of the lawmaker’s demise. The former Lagos governor said: “Indeed, it was one piece of news that rendered me and certainly all those who knew him and what he stood for, momentarily numb and speechless. This is one death too many in such a short space of time. As mortals, we can only submit to the sovereignty of Almighty Allah. ”Hon. Braimoh was not just a political ally, he was a dyed-in-the-wool progressive. He devoted his talents, resources, and life to the service and well-being of not only the people of Kosofe, but also Lagosians at large. “He was an eloquent and intelligent lawmaker, an astute local government chairman, a resourceful intellectual, and a loyal party man.” Tinubu said the late Braimoh played a significant role in the fight for the enthronement and sustenance of democracy in Nigeria. “He played his part in ensuring good governance in Lagos State and brought panache to the political space in Nigeria. He will be sorely missed,” Tinubu said. According tom him, the best epitaph “we can write on his grave is to continue to pursue the welfare and well-being of the majority of our people irrespective of status, ethnicity and religion. We must continue to do our best to free our people from poverty, disease and danger. “We give gratitude to God that he lived a purposeful life. My prayer is that the munificent Allah shower mercy upon him, reward his good deeds and admit him to Aljanna Firdaus.” Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, House of Assembly Speaker Mudashiru Obasa and Majority Leader Sanai Agunbiade commiserated with the family, friends and associates of Braimoh. They described him as a true democrat who did his best for the people he served at various levels. They advised the late lawmaker’s constituents to see his death as the will of Allah, noting that no one would have ever imagined that the state would lose another very important personality to the Coronavirus, a few days after the death of Senator Adebayo Oshinowo (Pepperito). ”We are going to miss your elegant dressing Tunde. Your charismatic assertions shall elude us till eternity. The beneficiaries of your regular philanthropic gestures will have to look elsewhere for succour henceforth. Dear Tunde, tread graciously to your final abode of no pains and no regrets. We shall hold forth for you where our paths have crossed with good memories. “Our prayers shall forever be for you in the lonely castle of your permanent rest.”  Original Article