Paul Scholes has recently explained how he feels Manchester United can close the gap on the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. Manchester United have been in sensational form since the English top-flight got back underway last month. The Red Devils are unbeaten in league action, and have also booked themselves a place in the FA Cup semi-finals. United are not just beating teams, though, they are, barring a 1-1 draw with Tottenham during the first weekend of the restarted campaign, absolutely hammering them. In their three league outings following the aforementioned draw with Spurs, United have scored 11 and conceded just three. Their latest tie saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men come from behind to smash Bournemouth 5-2. This result means that United are now 16 games unbeaten across all competitions. However, despite their superb form of late, the Reds are still nowhere near the top of the Premier League table. In fact, as things stand, the Manchester powerhouse sit a staggering 34 points adrift of table-topping Liverpool. The arrival of Bruno Fernandes, coupled with the emergence of Mason Greenwood, will no doubt help United to improve as a squad moving forward. But, as mentioned above, Paul Scholes has recently explained what else he feels his former club can do to close the gap on the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. Speaking to BBC Radio Five Live, Scholes voiced the opinion that Man United need two or three players, specifically a centre-forward and centre-back, to close the gap on the Premier League’s top sides: “There is a big gap to close, there’s no doubt about that. “The points difference is ridiculous and the quality of Man City obviously is there for everyone to see. “I really don’t think they are a million miles away. I know we spoke about four or five players but I think it’s two or three now. “I think you are looking at a centre-forward, a really classy goal scorer and possibly a centre-half to play next to [Harry] Maguire. “I think [Victor] Lindelof has done alright but I just think Maguire with his lack of pace at times [can get caught]. “If he’s got a really dominant centre-half next to him like a Rio Ferdinand or Jaap Stam, who bullies centre-forwards, I think that would be a big help to the team.” Quotes via Goal. See also: Tottenham Hotspur vs Everton FC live streaming & betting tips Crystal Palace vs Chelsea FC live streaming & betting tips Arsenal vs Leicester City live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.