A recent report has linked Wolves star, Adama Traore, with some of Europe’s biggest clubs. Wolves secured the services of Adam Traore from Middlesbrough in the summer of 2018 for a then club-record fee of £18m. Such a fee at the time, given Traore’s previous struggles in the English top-flight, may have seemed a bit much for many. However, the Spaniard, who was previously devoid of any sort of end product to match his blistering pace and quick feet, had begun to improve in the Championship. The La Masia youth had struggled to develop under a number of bosses at Middlesbrough, including Aitor Karanka and Garry Monk. But then, in what seemed like a complete mismatch at the time, Traore actually began to shine under Tony Pulis. The 24-year-old has since continued to develop under the guidance of Nuno Santo, transforming into one of the most feared wingers in the PL. All told, Traore has notched four goals and nine assists in the league this term, an assist record only bettered by Kevin De Bruyne and Trent Alexander-Arnold. Traore’s partnership with fellow Wolves standout, Raul Jimenez, has also been particularly impressive of late. Traore Jimenez The deadly duo strike again! Premier League goals for the forward this season now pic.twitter.com/y1lg3OX0KV — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) June 24, 2020 Coady Doherty Traore Jimenez Devastating pic.twitter.com/8Jm1I1Pbpv — Wolves (@Wolves) June 23, 2020 And it seems the winger’s ability has not gone unnoticed around Europe. Barcelona and Liverpool have previously been linked with Traore. And now, as mentioned above, some more of Europe’s heavy-hitters are weighing up a move for the Wolves man. According to ESPN, Manchester City and Juventus have moved ahead of Barca in the pursuit of Traore. However, it is added that Traore would remain at Molineux next campaign if Wolves manage to secure a Champions League place. They are currently 6th, three points off Manchester United in 5th – which is likely to be a CL spot if Manchester City’s European ban is upheld. But should Wolves indeed opt to part ways with the former Boro man in the near future, ESPN claim Traore is valued in the region of £80m. See also: Manchester City vs Newcastle United live streaming & betting tips Brighton & Hove Albion vs Liverpool FC live streaming & betting tips Aston Villa vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.