Barcelona drew, but they’ve almost certainly lost La Liga now. Atletico Madrid held the Catalans to a 2-2 draw at the Camp Nou, which has swung the Spanish title race firmly in Real Madrid’s favour. Everything was going to plan for Barcelona when Diego Costa scored an 11th minute own goal. However, Atleti equalised soon after through a Saul Niguez penalty. Leo Messi scored his 700th career goal – a Panenka penalty – to restore Barca’s lead in the 50th minute. But Saul scored his second spot-kick of the game in the 62nd minute. Messi scored his 700th career goal, but it wasn’t enough for a win in #BarçaAtleti… @SkyUK (channel 435) @virginmedia (channel 554) @PremierSportsTV Player Watch every available live match on #LaLigaTV! https://t.co/qTyciS8dMP pic.twitter.com/IuPj9bTyZr — LaLigaTV #TodayWePlay (@LaLigaTV) June 30, 2020 One of the big talking points from the Barca-Atletico game is what happened to Antoine Griezmann. Griezmann joined Barcelona from the Rojiblancos in July 2019 for €120m. However, a year later, Griezmann was left on the Barca bench until the 90th minute in a match that was probably a title decider. Antoine griezmann highlights vs atletico de madrid pic.twitter.com/PEAUBEGSy5 — hacheugeo (@huuggooo_) June 30, 2020 After the game, Quique Setién explained his decision to only introduce Griezmann in injury time: I understand it’s tough for Griezmann to come on when so little time left. I will speak with him tomorrow, I won’t say sorry because [it’s about] decisions. But I understand he may feel bad and I feel bad for him because he’s a great person and professional. It’s difficult to put him on without destabilising the team. Griezmann has scored eight goals in La Liga goals this season. The French World Cup winner has 14 goals in all competitions. Griezmann is under contract until 2024. Antoine Griezmann’s brother, Theo, posted his reaction to his sibling’s involvement in the Atletico game on social media. Theo wrote: “I want to cry, seriously.” He later deleted that tweet. Griezmann’s brother Theo tweeted and deleted: Its just sad man pic.twitter.com/Ivz9d9tWlD — Griezmann Chief v2 (@griezmannility_) June 30, 2020 Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone was also asked for his comments on Barcelona’s decision to introduce Griezmann so late in the game. Simeone said: “I’m without words.” Another wretched night for Antoine Griezmann. It’s almost as if a club that’s ideologically wedded to 4-3-3 wasn’t a sensible destination for a player who’s played all his best football as part of a front two. — Tom Williams (@tomwfootball) June 30, 2020 Setien: “I’s difficult to put Griezmann on without destabilizing the team.” This line is so telling. — Sid Lowe (@sidlowe) June 30, 2020 Barcelona’s draw means that Real Madrid are a point clear in first place with a game in hand. Real Madrid can open up a 4-point lead if they beat Getafe at the Santiago Bernabeu on Thursday. Real Madrid’s La Liga run-in: Geatfe (h), Athletic Club (a), Alaves (h), Granada (a), Villarreal (h), Leganes (a) Also see: Arsenal FC vs Norwich City live streaming & betting tips Everton FC vs Leicester City live streaming & betting tips West Ham United vs Chelsea FC live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.