The Nigerian Air Force Headquarters comprises of seven staff branches which formulate policies. The current seven staff branches are namely Policy and Plans, Training and Operations, Aircraft Engineering, Logistics and Communications, Administration, Standards and Evaluations and Air Secretary. Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Requirements General Instructions For Applicants Application Process Note Interested and qualified? Go to Nigerian Airforce on nafrecruitment.airforce.mil.ng to apply The post Submit CVs – Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Recruitment 2020 appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The Nigeria Navy wishes to inform the general public and all interested candidates that the online registration for the 2020 Recruitment Exercise is officially open. Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates for the position below: Job Title: Project Technician Location: Nigeria Educational Requirements Minimum of OND lower credit in relevant discipline such… March 11, 2020 In "Gists" So far, 93,871 of the applicants are males while the remaining 10,418 are females. 104,289 Nigerians have applied for the positions of 10,000 constables in the Nigeria Police Force 12 days after a recruitment exercise was announced.According to a statement by the spokesperson of the Police Service Commission (PSC), Ikechukwu… December 12, 2018 In "News" The Nigeria Navy wishes to inform the general public and all interested candidates that the online registration for the 2020 Recruitment Exercise is officially open. Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates for the position below: Job Title: Environmental Health Technician Location: Nigeria Educational Requirements A minimum qualification of OND Lower Credit or… March 11, 2020 In "Gists"