Real Madrid forward Mariano has tested positive for coronavirus and will miss the Champions League clash against Manchester City as he quarantines. The 26-year-old Dominican Republic forward gave the positive result as players and staff returned to the training ground following a few days off after securing the league title. A club statement said: “After the Covid-19 tests carried out individually on our first football team yesterday by the Real Madrid medical services, our player Mariano has given a positive result. How we f***ed it: Revisiting F365’s pre-season predictions “The player is in perfect health and complying with the sanitary isolation protocol at home.” Mariano was a long shot to face City to begin with, having been a fringe player for Madrid this season. He has made only seven appearances this campaign, five of them as a substitute in LaLiga, and has not appeared in a Champions League matchday squad. Madrid are due to play their second leg of their Champions League round of 16 clash in Manchester on August 7. They trail 2-1 from the first leg, having played back in March before the pandemic forced the suspension of the season. The post Real Madrid confirm positive test ahead of Man City clash appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Silva on Guardiola’s knowledge of Real Manchester City’s disappointing Premier League campaign came to an end on Sunday. But the Citizens still have a chance to rescue their season in the coming weeks, by winning their first-ever Champions League title. City’s latest obstacle in their hunt for European glory comes… July 28, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester City have confirmed their Champions League clash with Real Madrid next week has now been postponed due to the coronavirus. City were due to host the Spanish giants in the second leg of their last-16 tie on Tuesday, March 17. A statement from the club added: “The decision to… March 12, 2020 In "Sports" Illustrative: Real Madrid players Real Madrid are the latest football club to be affected by the Coronavirus outbreak, after a member of the club’s basketball team tested positive for the virus. Spanish outlet El Chiringuito TV revealed the news on Thursday morning. The basketball team train at the same place… March 12, 2020 In "News"