After over a decade on Manchester City’s books, David Silva is set to finally depart the club this summer. The Spaniard, who signed from Valencia in 2010, has garnered over 400 appearances for the Sky Blues, and will no doubt be remembered as one of the club’s greatest ever players. Despite his age, meanwhile, Silva has still acted as a key figure for Man City this season, notching 6 goals and 10 assists in 26 league outings. So, when the midfield maestro does leave City, replacing him will no doubt prove a huge task for whoever is asked to step up to the plate. In terms of his position, it appears as though Phil Foden is going to be handed the chance to fill Silva’s boots. But with the veteran also currently Man City’s captain, there then comes the question of who takes on the armband next season. According to Pep Guardiola, though, this decision will be sorted amongst his players themselves: “As always I let the players choose. “Maybe the last word is from me but usually the players decide who will represent them. It’s the normal way. The players are so smart they know what it needs.” View this post on Instagram Thank you @premierleague ! It’s been a hell of a ride A post shared by  David Silva (@david21lva) on Jul 26, 2020 at 11:03am PDT Silva’s final Premier League appearance for Man City came against Norwich on Sunday. City didn’t have an awful lot to play for versus the Canaries, as they were already assured of a second-place Premier League finish. However, Kevin De Bruyne was still no doubt eager to break the Premier League assist record held by Thierry Henry. The Belgian, though, when all was said and done, was only able to match Henry’s tally, bringing his total for the season to 20 – a sensational feat nonetheless. As for David Silva, he capped off his glittering Premier League career with a Man of the Match display. Some things never change @21LVA @EASPORTSFIFA#ManCity | https://t.co/axa0klD5re pic.twitter.com/5PUb2m1E3V — Manchester City (@ManCity) July 26, 2020 See also: Liverpool & Man City seek approval to play development sides in the 2020-21 Carabao Cup David Luiz sets unwanted penalty record as Arsenal edge past now relegated Watford Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.