 FOURTEEN health/frontline workers, made up of five doctors, seven nurses, one Physiotherapist and one Laboratory Scientist were among 62 persons who have tested positive for COVID-19 pandemic in Yobe State, the Commissioner for Health Dr. Mohammed Gana has said. Gana said the 62 positive cases were among the 229 samples so far collected by the State’s COVID-19 Committee. The commissioner, who was the Vice Chairman of the committee, also revealed that 51 patients on admission at the state’s isolation centres have been discharged after full recovery. Gana, who was represented by the Director of Nursing Services in the Ministry of Health, Abdullahi Danchuwa, at a sensitisation visit to traditional and religious leaders in Gujba Local Government Area on basic case definition of COVID-19 said eight people have died of the virus in the state. Gana said 13 local governments in the state have recorded varied cases of COVID-19. A breakdown of the cases in the local government areas according to him are: Damaturu: 22, Nguru: 15, Bade: 13, Potiskum: 3,  Geidam, Karasuwa, Yusufari, Tarmuwa, Bursari, Fika, Fune, Gulani and Gujba, has one case each.  Original Article By Chris Oji, Enugu The Enugu State Ministry of Health on Friday said 72 health care workers in the state have tested positive to COVID-19. Commissioner for health, Dr Ikechukwu Obi, in a statement said the 72 health workers were among a total of 202 that have tested positive in… June 26, 2020 In "News" By Davies Iheamnachor – Port Harcourt The Rivers State branch of the Nigerian Medical Association has decried a lack of Personal Protective Equipment, PPE, for doctors in frontline duty in the fight against COVID-19 in the state. NMA also disclosed that 22 of its members and 60 other health workers… June 12, 2020 In "News" Yobe State Government on Sunday says the suspected coronavirus case in Damaturu, the state capital has been confirmed negative. Dr Muhammad Gana, the Commissioner for Health, confirmed the development at a news conference in Damaturu. He said: “Nasopharyngeal and Oro-pharyngeal swab of the suspected patient was collected at the Yobe… March 15, 2020 In "News"