 THE Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has stated that there has not been an election into the executive committee of the Anambra State Football Association. Chairman of Chairmen of Nigerian Football, Ibrahim Gusau said that what took place in the State on Monday, 27th July 2020 and which some stakeholders styled ‘an election’ was a charade of very low grade, and the NFF would never recognize such a sham. “That was an act of brigandage and the NFF fully dissociates itself from it. The Electoral Committee sent to the NFF a letter which they received from the Anambra State COVID-19 Task Force, requesting that the elections into the State FA and the local football councils be postponed, in line with the situation in the country, as the ban on sporting activities and mass gatherings was still alive. “The same Electoral Committee issued a press statement on Monday, 27th July 2020 informing the general public that the elections would no longer hold, and regretted the inconvenience that the sudden postponement may have caused the candidates, delegates, observers, stakeholders and the general public. “In view of these, it is incomprehensible how anyone could have gone ahead with the charade they are calling ‘election’, and you begin to wonder who actually conducted the so-called election,” Gusau added. Gusau, a Member of the NFF Executive Committee, stated further: “That was an affront on the Government and the NFF will never be part of it. The Anambra State COVID-19 Task Force made it clear that there should be no such gathering. It is irksome, and let it be said without ambiguity that the NFF does not recognize such a sham and it cannot stand.”  Original Article The Nigeria Football Federation(NFF)  will host their first awards ceremony organised to recognise and reward excellence in the Nigerian game, the body announced on Tuesday. NFF first Vice President Seyi Akinwunmi, who is chairman of the project, told a press conference in Lagos on Tuesday that the federation decided time… January 23, 2018 In "Sports" The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) General Assembly have approved a budget of over N6 billion for the body’s activities in 2018 and passed a vote of confidence in President Amaju Pinnick, Completesportsnigeria.com reports. These decisions and several others are contained in the NFF’s Annual General Assembly held in Jos, Plateau… October 19, 2017 In "Sports" The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has expressed deep grief over the death of the vice chairman of the Rivers State Football Association, Chief Omineokuma-Kile, which sad event occurred on the evening of Thursday, 20th February 2020. Chairman of the Rivers State Football Association and former member of the NFF Executive… February 23, 2020 In "News"