A fresh update on the transfer pursuit of Lille’s Gabriel Magalhaes has been forthcoming online on Thursday. Gabriel, 22, has been on the French outfit’s books since 2017. And after a fairly slow start, the Brazilian has now firmly cemented himself as a pivotal figure in the Ligue 1 outfit’s backline. Gabriel played a key role for Les Dogues as they secured Champions League football last term. And once again in 2019/20, before the French top-flight was brought to a premature end, Lille were firmly in the battle for a CL spot, finishing one point off 3rd – with Gabriel featuring in 24 of their 28 league outings. View this post on Instagram @losclive A post shared by  Gabriel Magalhães (@_gabrielmagalhaes) on Jun 29, 2020 at 10:08am PDT Such impressive displays in France have seemingly attracted the interest of a number of Premier League sides. All of Arsenal, Chelsea and Everton have been linked with the stopper this campaign. But it did look to be the latter of those outfits who were leading the race, with Gabriel’s agent claiming last month that the Toffees had made an offer. Lille’s boss would also move to confirm that it is likely the centre-half will depart in the summer. This, of course, all looked very promising for Carlo Ancelotti’s men, who could certainly do with a bit more depth in the centre-back department. However, it seems the Merseyside outfit could be set to face some late pressure for the defender’s signature. According to Sky Sports News, Everton face a fight to sign Lille defender Gabriel Magalhaes after a second Premier League club made a late bid for the player. Said bid is believed to be in the region of £22m, with Sky going on to add that Gabriel is expected to decide his future this week. See also: Sheffield United vs Chelsea live streaming and betting tips Liverpool FC vs Burnley FC live streaming & betting tips Brighton vs Manchester City live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The latest word stemming from the media suggests that Arsenal remain firmly in the hunt for the signature of in-demand Lille star Gabriel Magalhaes. Lille standout Gabriel, a 22-year-old central-defender, has established himself as one of European football’s most highly-regarded young stoppers over the last couple of seasons. On the… May 29, 2020 In "Sports" Lille head coach Christophe Galtier has all but confirmed that a pair of the club’s top talents are set to depart this summer. Lille standouts The duo in question are Victor Osimhen and Gabriel Magalhaes. The latter has been on Lille’s books since the summer of 2017. And after a… June 20, 2020 In "Sports" Gabriel Magalhaes’ representative has revealed that both Everton and Napoli have tabled offers for the highly sought after Lille star. Lille standout Gabriel, a 22-year-old central-defender, has established himself as one of European football’s most highly-regarded young stoppers over the last couple of seasons. On the back of a series… June 17, 2020 In "Sports"