 RIVERS State Governor Nyesom Wike has approved complete re-grassing and rehabilitation of the main bowl football pitch and the two training pitches of the Adokiye Amiesimaka Sports Complex. The stadium has hosted several local, continental and international matches in the past but the main bowl football pitch had been undulating and thus needed an overhaul that will involve excavation and laying of level planting of FIFA approved natural paspallum grass. The rehabilitation would also include the provision of motorized mower and lawn mowers, installation of sprinklers, laying of 6 underground pumping machines, plumbing and electrical works, amongst others. The move which is in preparation of the State-owned Rivers United towards their CAF Champions League campaign for the 2020/2021 season among other high profile matches. The project is expected to be handled by a renowned grass expert with core competence and track record in the provision, management and maintenance of sports facilities, is expected to be delivered towards the end of August. Rivers State Commissioner for Sports Boma Iyaye said  Governor Wike is leaving nothing to chance in ensuring that Rivers United has the best of facilities for the continental campaign. “I want to assure you that when the job is completed, it would be one of the best in Nigeria. Rivers State is known for excellence and you can be sure that this would be top notch to host any major football match,” he stressed.  Original Article Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike PORT HARCOURT—In a move to ensure the promotion of sanitation in Port Harcourt and neighbouring suburbs,  the Rivers State Executive Council on Wednesday approved the appointment of Sanitation Marshals. The Rivers State Executive Council meeting presided over by Governor Nyesom Wike also approved that a… January 30, 2020 In "News" By Simeon Nwakaudu Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike Improving the quality of education has always been a major focus of the Wike Administration.  When he took over leadership in 2015, the education sector was in dire need. All through his first term,  Governor Wike diligently revived the education sector. … March 21, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): [COVID19-LINE country="Nigeria" confirmed_title="confirmed" deaths_title="deaths" recovered_title="recovered"] By Davies Iheamnachor PORT HARCOURT: The All Progressives Congress, APC, has urged the Rivers State Government, Chief Nyesom Wike, to give more attention to the welfare of the people of the state and stop unnecessary politics with the pandemic, adding that Delta, Ekiti… April 12, 2020 In "News"