Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now, and for the future. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Borno Background The UAS-LCB Program seeks to: Consultant ObjectivesAs part of Objective 1, Mercy Corps is seeking to strengthen the capacity of radio partner Dandal Kura Radio International to engage in ethical and conflict-sensitive journalism practices. In order to deliver this objective with quality, Mercy Corps deems it necessary to develop and design a strong website and social media presence for local radio partner Dandal Kura Radio International to meet up with clear competitive demands for a standard media outlet. These services will include: Mercy Corps expects that all activities will result in Dandal Kura being able to practically apply the necessary skills for maintaining a good website and social media presence independently and thereby improve their ability to deliver quality peacebuilding programming. Consultant Activities: Deliverables and Timeframe: Note: Deadlines to be confirmed upon contracting. Total Estimated Level of Effort: Required Experience & SkillsThe ideal consultant will have the following experience and skills: Application Closing Date31st July, 2020. The post Consultant – UAS-LCB Radio Partners at Mercy Corps Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now,… July 24, 2020 In "Jobs" Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action — helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now,… December 18, 2017 In "Jobs" Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we collaborate to put bold solutions into action - helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within, now… December 15, 2017 In "Jobs"