 MINISTER of Youth and Sports Development Sunday Dare has assured that the sports policy would accelerate sports development and add value to sports men and women. Speaking while receiving the Draft National Sports Industry Policy, Dare described the event as a milestone, adding that the policy has the capacity to change the face of running sports business in Nigeria. He congratulated members of the steering committee of the Sports Industry Working Group (SIWG), the policy validation committee and the National sport industry policy drafting committee including relevant MDAs, and Ministries for their commitment in putting the policy together. “On behalf of the Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development, I congratulate all members of the committee for this giant stride. Your commitment, dedication and doggedness to bring this draft sports policy to reality. Your efforts are highly appreciated. This policy no doubt is a new dawn that will drive the process of moving sports away from being recreational to business,” the minister said. He added: “However the draft National Sports Industry Policy is a review of the 2009 and 2018 editions and the exercise is principally intended to update the norms and values in the sports industry in achieving the mandate, vision and mission of the Federal Ministry of Youth and sports Development in line with international best practices.  Most importantly to inject a business model into our sports development. “It is important to note that this reviewed National Sports Industry Policy will proffer solutions to 4 key trigger issues – 3 I s and I P that will take sports to the next level – Infrastructure, Investment, Incentives and policy.” The National Sports Industry Policy will be made public including the National Council of Sports for comments and feedback before it would be officially presented to the Federal Executive Council for final approval.  Original Article From Segun Ogunjimi, Abuja The Minister of Youths and Sports Development Sunday Dare has assured that sporting activities would soon restart in the country. This much was said yesterday in Abuja by the Ministry’s Permanent Secretary Gabriel Aduda while receiving on behalf of the minister 10,000 face masks produced by… July 7, 2020 In "News" The Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare, has assured of paying equal attention to the development of sports and the youths as he strives to reposition the ministry. Dare disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja at the sidelines of the 2019… August 23, 2019 In "News" By Shina Abubakar, Osogbo The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr. Sunday Dare has disclosed that for the sustainability of the Nigerian project, the federal government must ensure investment in youth through the critical sectors of the economy. Dare added that investments in education, technology, agriculture and developmental infrastructure… November 18, 2019 In "News"