Chelsea boss Frank Lampard this evening opened up on a number of topics, on the back of his side’s qualification for next season’s Champions League. The Blues welcomed Wolves to Stamford Bridge a short time ago, as part of the Premier League season’s final round of fixtures. Chelsea entered the clash in the knowledge that they required just a point to ensure their top-4 status. When all was said and done in the capital, though, the Pensioners marched on for all 3 points, courtesy of a solid performance. Mason Mount proved the star of the show, putting the hosts in front shortly before half-time with a wonderful free-kick: Mason Mount is the magic man for Chelsea! What a free-kick, what a moment to get it! Watch on Sky Sports Football Follow #CHEWOL here: https://t.co/9XQSg1Ff5B Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/jjdauvoXCJ — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) July 26, 2020 And Chelsea’s young midfielder turned provider a short time later, slotting Olivier Giroud through on goal for a crucial 2nd on the stroke of the interval. One man who was no doubt beyond relieved to have watched on as Lampard’s men clinched Champions League status for next season, meanwhile, was Timo Werner. German hitman Werner is of course set to link up with the Blues this summer, on the back of a scintillating spell with RB Leipzig. The 24-year-old was therefore in attendance at Stamford Bridge this evening, to watch his new teammates in action. And Frank Lampard has since revealed his hope that Werner was impressed by what he saw: Lampard on Werner watching on: “He was here today, so I hope he will have seen a team play with a lot of spirit. We saw off a difficult job today to be top four. I hope he has seen we have talent in the squad.” (Mentions Mount’s impact). #CFC #CHEWOL — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) July 26, 2020 As one attacker prepares for a new chapter of his career in south west London, though, another is preparing to move on. Pedro Rodriguez is the player in question, with Lampard having also confirmed that his side’s veteran wide-man was ‘serenaded’ by his teammates, after lining out in Chelsea’s colours for the final time: Lampard confirms Pedro is leaving: “On another note, I want to talk about Pedro. He has played his last game for the club and he has been serenanded in the dressing room.” #CFC #CHEWOL — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) July 26, 2020 Vardy, Ederson and the 2019/20 Premier League award winners Bayern boss Flick ‘impressed’ by Chelsea/Singles Pulisic out for special praise ahead of CL clash Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.