How many articles have been written in recent times linking Paul Pogba with a move away from Man United? Well, all that conversation and analysis appears to have been for nothing, as reports on Thursday confirm that Man United are hoping to agree a new contract extension with their French World Cup winner. Pogba, 27, is under contract at Old Trafford until 2021. Speaking before tonight’s match against Aston Villa, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has confirmed that United plan to agree a new deal with Pogba. Solskjaer said: I can’t comment on discussions between players and the club but we want to keep the best players. We want to build a squad for the future. Scott and Nemanja are similar in position but they are at different stages in their careers. One is at the start, the other is really experienced. We also need players in that mid-range group. Hopefully we can do something [with Pogba’s contract]. I know that since Paul came back he is looking better and better. He is enjoying his football and let’s see where it takes us. Transfer guru Fabrizio Romano has added some more details to the Pogba, contract extension story. He’s confirmed that Man United have begun talks with Pogba’s agent, Mino Raiola, over the new deal. However, there appears to be plenty of work still to do, as United still haven’t presented their first proposal to the midfielder. Will Pogba be offered a pay-rise? And how long a contract is Pogba willing to sign? Sadly, these details are unknown. Solskjaer on Paul Pogba new deal: “I can’t comment on discussions with players, but of course we want to keep the best players around the club”. Man United have opened talks with Raiola to extend Pogba’s contract. He’s waiting for the first bid – not agreed yet  #MUFC #ManUtd — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) July 8, 2020 While United and Pogba still have to reach an agreement, the reality is that Pogba doesn’t have many options if he was determined to leave Old Trafford. The Times on Thursday report that Real Madrid can’t afford to sign Pogba. Readers are told: The financial crisis caused by the pandemic means that Madrid cannot afford Pogba so United are in a stronger negotiating position. Also, the Times predict what players Man United could sign in the off-season: The Norwegian wants a right winger, a midfielder and a centre back. Jack Grealish, who plays against United for Aston Villa this evening, is among his targets. Also see: AFC Bournemouth vs Tottenham Hotspur live streaming & betting tips. Everton FC vs Southampton FC live streaming & betting tips. Aston Villa vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.