 The committee set up by the Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has met with the elders and representatives of Mosa/Idaso Community in Lekki Local Council Development Area. The committee was meant to address the Right of Way issue along Ilege and Idaso Communities in Pazzle A in the Lekki Free Trade Zone. A member of the committee, Tunde Sodade, who is the Managing Director of Lekki Worldwide, said the governor was interested in resolving the lingering matter. Sodade said his company was acting as government representative in the area. He promised the community leaders that there will be job opportunities for their children in the course of implementing the project. “We have interest in making sure that the unemployment rate in this axis is drastically reduced,” he said. According to him, dispute arising from land has been a reoccurring decimal since the sighting of the Free Trade Zone and influx on investors into Ibeju Lekki axis. “Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s administration has, however, show magnanimity in resolving the issue but with a stern warning to land grabbers and shallow land owner to desist from their negative activities or have themselves to blame,” he said. Chairman of Lekki LCDA, Olaitan Ogidan, who heads the committee, assured the dwellers of government’s commitment to adequately compensation. “The people have agreed to move from the place acquired by the government to a new place provided for them. The place they were falls on the Right of Way, hence the need to relocate them. They have also been assured of proper compensation. The governor constituted this committee to talk to the dwellers to move to where government has allocated for them. They will sign the document after carefully look through them and the matter will be laid to rest,” he said. Representative of Idaso Community, Toheeb Dudushola thanked the governor for constituting the committee to resolve the land disputes. “It was tough initially, but we thanked God and the governor because the committee had worked hard at resolving all grey areas,” he said. Another representative, Sodiq Olanrewaju, hailed government for also promising the community members that their children will have job opportunities. “I am happy. They said they will relocate us to another area that will still bear the ancestral name of our town Mosa, I am indeed happy,” he said. Director, Lekki Free Trade Zone Development Company, Olalekan Akodu,  said: “I want it to be on record that this is a very peaceful government; a listening and compassionate government and that is the reason why governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has established this committee to reach out to the members of the communities so that there will be confidence building and trust among the government and the people.”  Original Article The Lagos state Governor; Babajide Sanwo-Olu has declared Thursday, July 11, a toll-free day during the morning(6.30am -9.30am) and evening (4.30pm -8.00pm.) hours for vehicles plying the Lekki and Admiralty toll plaza in Lekki and Ikoyi. The governor stated this while addressing State House Correspondents after a tour of the… July 10, 2019 In "Gists" Tribune Online Sanwo-Olu declares Lekki, Admiralty plaza toll-free Thursday Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, has declared Thursday, July 11, 2019, a toll-free day for vehicles plying the Lekki and Admiralty Toll Plaza in Lekki and Ikoyi areas of the state, during the morning and evening peak hours. The… July 10, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Sanwo-Olu: Rethinking Lekki-Epe traffic architecture FROM 6:30am up to about 9:30am, and most times, till noon, motorists plying the ever-busy Lekki-Epe Expressway from Ajah axis inward Victoria Island and other parts of Lagos, now have a daily ordeal of traffic snarl to contend with. Arguably, the axis is… July 30, 2019 In "News"