Carlo Ancelotti took the reins at Everton back in December after Marco Silva was sacked. The Italian’s appointment was something of a surprise at the time, given how successful he has been around Europe. Ancelotti has taken charge of countless tops sides over the years, winning a plethora of trophies including the Premier League, Champions League, Serie A and Bundesliga along the way. So, managing a mid-table Everton team did seem like something of a step down for Ancelotti. However, with the former Chelsea boss now at the helm, Everton forward Richarlison is extremely excited about where the club can go. Speaking in an interview with the club’s official website, the Brazilian expressed the opinion that under Ancelotti, anything is possible, including aiming to earn a place in European competition: “When a club bets on a coach like him, it thinks about reaching a prominent position. “The players need to think like that, too. “Anything is possible. “A club that thinks big, as is the case with Everton, which has so many fans around the world and such a beautiful history in football, can reach higher positions. “We can grow quickly, aim to reach European competitions and, in some time, fight for the top. “I want to make history with Everton’s shirt. It is a source of great pride and honour to be able to wear this shirt. “I want to be important here, score goals, cheer the fans and show that our team can reach even higher.” l “Anything is possible. A club that thinks big, as is the case with Everton, which has so many fans around the world and such a beautiful history in football, can reach higher positions. I want to make history with Everton’s shirt.” @richarlison97 — Everton (@Everton) July 23, 2020 For all Richarlison’s optimism, though, it’s worth pointing out the Toffees haven’t exactly been world-beaters under Ancelotti. Yes, he has only been in charge for around six months and is yet to have a summer transfer window. But if the Premier League had started from the game week Ancelotti took over, Everton would be 10th, not exactly an impressive feat. Everton’s final game of the campaign sees them face off with Bournemouth at Goodison Park, with 11th the highest they can finish the season. Find out how to watch the game here. See also: Leicester City vs Manchester United live streaming & betting tips Chelsea vs Wolverhampton Wanderers live streaming and betting tips Newcastle United vs Liverpool live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Everton’s Richarlison has recently provided an insight into what it is like working under Carlo Ancelotti. Everton land Ancelotti Everton had a simply awful start to the 2019/20 campaign under Marco Silva. By early December, the Toffees found themselves sat in a dismal 18th place in the Premier League table,… June 1, 2020 In "Sports" Conflicting reports surrounding a rumoured meeting between Carlo Ancelotti and the Everton board have emerged online this evening. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park was confirmed two weeks ago. A 5-2 drubbing at the hands… December 16, 2019 In "Sports" Carlo Ancelotti has recently moved to provide a fresh Everton team news update ahead of their upcoming tie. Tottenham vs Everton The current Premier League game week draws to a close on Monday the 6th of July as Everton travel to Tottenham. The Toffees, despite a bit of a blip… July 4, 2020 In "Sports"