Manchester United welcomed Bournemouth to Old Trafford on Saturday as they looked to extend their unbeaten run across all competitions to 16 games. The Cherries had been fairly poor of late and are staring relegation in the face. As a result, it came as something of a surprise when Junior Stanislas opened the scoring for Eddie Howe’s men inside 16 minutes. However, Bournemouth’s resistance did not last long with normal service at United resumed before the break. Strikes from Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial inside the first half ensured the Red Devils went in at the interval with a comfortable 3-1 lead. A Josh King penalty less than 10 minutes into the second 45 did look to spark something of a comeback from Bournemouth, but a second from Greenwood and a peach of a free-kick for the always impressive Bruno Fernandes killed those hopes stone dead. Saturday’s victory did move United, if only for a few hours, up to 4th spot. And whilst they have since been knocked down to 5th, their hopes of securing a Champions League spot are very much alive – especially if they can keep their front-three firing. All of United’s attacking trio were in top form vs Eddie Howe’s men, but by far and away the standout star on Saturday was Mason Greenwood. The 18-year-old has already amassed eight goals in the English top-flight this campaign, with his raw pace, power and two-footed ability making him absolutely lethal anywhere near the opposition box. One man who is well aware of what it is like coming up as promising young talent on United’s books is Marcus Rashford. Rashford made his PL debut for the Reds all the way back in 2016 when he was also 18 years of age. And now, after Greenwood’s starring display this weekend, Rashford has offered some advice to his teammate. When discussing Greenwood, Rashford stated: “One thing I can say is the kid does this all the time. This is him playing a normal game of football. Whatever anybody says outside, my best advice to him would be: just play your game because this is his game. What you saw him do today, this is what he does every single game. For him, take it step-by-step and keep improving. If he keeps improving, where will he be in five years’ time?” Then, when asked about Greenwood seemingly being really level-headed, Rashford added: “Exactly. It’s a big thing and he’s always eager to learn and he reminds me, mentality-wise, of how I was when I was younger. If you keep learning, there’s no limit to what you can become. That would be my advice to him: keep that learning mentality that he has.” Quotes via Manchester United’s official website. See also: Tottenham Hotspur vs Everton FC live streaming & betting tips Crystal Palace vs Chelsea FC live streaming & betting tips Arsenal vs Leicester City live streaming and betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.