 In furtherance of its social entrepreneurship drive, Worship for Change, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), has presented cheques of N1 million each to Mission Enablers International, Pison Centre and Joy in Africa Foundation. The funds will be used to cater for the indigent and special needs children. The amounts presented to these charities are proceeds from the Green Worship benefit concert held in June 2019. Green Worship is an initiative of Worship for Change, which is committed to raising awareness and support for charities that care for indigent children, orphans and children with special needs. The 2019 Green Worship concert featured some of Nigeria’s finest gospel artistes, namely Nathaniel Bassey, Eben, Solomon Lange, Elijah Oyelade, Victoria Orenze and Nosa to mention a few. Wale Adenuga, who serves as convener of Worship for Change, said: “Over the years, through donations and people buying and downloading the Green Worship albums, we have been able to raise over N45million and have disbursed same, impacting on thousands of children in Nigeria. I always feel sad at this seemingly paltry amount of monies we present. But then, it means a lot to these charities.”  Original Article As we celebrate the coming to earth of our Lord and saviour Jesus Christ, we acknowledge the contributions of Nigerian believers using their voices, lives, platforms, and wherewithal to pursue kingdom agenda, push kingdom culture, and wield kingdom influence. Nigeria has been positioned to drive the end-time revival and these… December 26, 2018 In "News" Our Reporter All is now set to reset the church after being held hostage by coronavirus for some months and made by the ravaging pandemic to suffer severe damage. Worried by the devastating blow coronavirus has dealt to the holy place of worship, a faith-based non-governmental organisation (NGO) known as… June 16, 2020 In "News" …Pays N28m for empowerment, medical bills By Chinedu Adonu ENUGU—FOUNDER and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, said he spends over $2 million monthly for various charity works he embarks on. Mbaka disclosed this shortly  after presenting N18.8 million to the management of Annunciation Specialist… March 3, 2020 In "News"