PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) Nigeria – Our client, Niger State Development Company (NSDC) is the investment company of the Niger State Government. It was established by the Niger State Government to act as a key agent to diversify and stimulate the economy of Niger State. NSDC aims to deliver both financial returns and socio-economic returns to the state and to its people. Target industries include, but are not limited to, agriculture and real estate. They are recruiting to fill the position below: Reference Number: 130-PEO01142Location: Minna, NigerDepartment: People & Change NigeriaJob type: Permanent Roles & ResponsibilitiesStrategy Formulations and Implementation: Operational Effectiveness: Stakeholder Management: Networking and Business Development: Leadership and People Management: Financial Management: Job RequirementsRequired Education Required Experience: Skill & Knowledge Requirements: Additional Information About the RoleReports to: Direct Reports: Internal Relationships: External Relationships: Application Closing Date30th September, 2020. The post Chief Executive Officer at Niger State Development Company (NSDC) – PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) Nigeria – Our client operates in the midstream and downstream sector – specifically, they do manufacturing and marketing of lubricating oils and petrochemicals, importation and sale of fuels through its retail outlets, gas, power, upstream supply and technical services for companies in the oil industry. They have plans… February 14, 2020 In "Gists" PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) – Our client is an independent Nigerian Oil and Gas Exploration and Production company. The Company seeks to maximise the commercial and economic value of oil and gas resources and aid growth in oil, gas, condensate and NGLs production. We are recruiting on behalf of our client to… July 31, 2019 In "Jobs" PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) – Our client is an independent Nigerian oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company seeks to maximise the commercial and economic value of oil and gas resources and aid growth in oil, gas, condensate and NGLs production. The Company is currently looking for an astute professional… June 17, 2019 In "Jobs"