An insight into the apparent terms being demanded by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to extend his stay with Arsenal has been forthcoming online this evening. The contract situation of star striker Aubameyang has long stood as a source of concern at Arsenal. Since his big-money arrival from Borussia Dortmund in January of 2018, Gabonese international Aubameyang has gone on to establish himself as the Gunners’ most important player. This is evidenced by the 31-year-old’s impressive strike rate of just under 2 goals every 3 games in the club’s colours. In fact, just two days ago, Aubameyang etched his name indelibly into Arsenal’s history books, with a brace versus Norwich: @Aubameyang7 – 79 games Thierry Henry – 83 games Ian Wright – 87 games Alexis – 101 games Olivier Giroud – 113 games pic.twitter.com/wBZuVX3XuQ — Arsenal (@Arsenal) July 1, 2020 As such, with just a year remaining on his current contract, and little progress having been made towards a new deal, the north Londoners have, for some time, been forced to sweat over the status of their prolific hitman. Speaking on the back of his Man of the Match display on Wednesday, meanwhile, Aubameyang himself was keen to keep his cards close to his chest when it came to his future at the Emirates: ‘We’ll see. We’ll talk with the club and see what happens. I’m really focused on the games. Since Mikel is in we’re doing well. We’re working well. We have signs we’re improving.’ “I’m really happy today. My performance was good. And I’m always happy to score goals and help the team to win games.”@Aubameyang7 reacts to becoming the quickest player to score  Premier League goals for Arsenal… @ReshminTV pic.twitter.com/97e8deukSu — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) July 1, 2020 As outlined above, though, an insight into exactly the type of financial commitment required by Arsenal to tie Aubameyang down for the long-term has today been forthcoming. The news comes courtesy of the generally reliable James Olley of ESPN. It is claimed that the Gunners’ talisman has informed the club that he is not willing to accept a deal amounting to any less than 3 years. In addition, Aubameyang is said to be demanding a wage packet worth around £250,000-per-week (significantly less than the kind of money earned by sidelined teammate Mesut Ozil). Crucially, it is also added that, despite an agreement not yet close to being found by the two parties, discussions are ‘edging forward’: Exclusive below. Talks between Aubameyang and Arsenal edging forward. Player has requested minimum three-year deal and salary of up to £250k-a-week. No agreement close but positive noises and constructive discussions. Story: https://t.co/uE0b9tmVz4 — James Olley (@JamesOlley) July 3, 2020 Arsenal provide team news update ahead of Wolves Mikel Arteta heaps praise on Dani Ceballos/Confirms Arsenal are ‘in communication’ with Real Madrid Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.