Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, speaking after their loss to Arsenal, sent a warning to his side ahead of their meeting with Real Madrid in August. The first of two FA Cup semi-final clashes took place on Saturday evening. Manchester City and Arsenal faced off at Wembley as City looked to continue their superb run in domestic competitions. Before Saturday, Pep Guardiola’s men hadn’t lost a domestic cup match since back in 2018. And whilst Mikel Arsenal had improved of late, it seemed fairly unlikely that the Gunners would be able to see of the Citizens, a side that had hammered them 3-0 just last month. When all was said and done, though, it would be the north Londoners who emerged victorious on Saturday. Man City, unsurprisingly, dominated proceedings. But thanks to some top-notch defending from the likes of David Luiz and Shkodran Mustafi, Arsenal were able to limit City’s attacking threat whilst counter-attacking fairly well. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang opened the scoring inside 19 minutes with the hitman notching his and Arsenal’s second 71 minutes in. After their fairly average showing against Arsenal, Guardiola moved to send a warning to his side. With Man City’s FA and Premier League seasons ending in rather poor fashion by their standards, the last competition that can really save their season is the Champions League. City are currently in the midst of a last 16 battle with Real Madrid, whom they hold a 2-1 advantage over. However, Madrid, who clinched La Liga earlier this week, have been in fine form since the restart. And speaking post-Arsenal Guardiola stated Man City must increase their standard if they want to have any chance of seeing off Los Blancos: “We know the standards that we have to be on these kinds of stages, in these kind of competitions. Maybe we are learning, maybe not. We will see. “The last game against Bournemouth was not good and today the first half was not good. We struggled to play at our level. “It does not take a genius to realise we have to increase our standard against Madrid if we want to have any chance to go through.” Quotes via Goal. See also: Brighton and Hove Albion vs Newcastle United live streaming and betting tips Sheffield United vs Everton FC live streaming & betting tips Wolverhampton Wanderers vs Crystal Palace live streaming & betting tips Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.