The 2019-20 FA Cup final will be contested between Arsenal and Chelsea. That means that either Mikel Arteta or Frank Lampard will win the FA Cup in their first season at the respective clubs. The FA Cup final is scheduled to take place at Wembley on August 1. Arsenal booked their place in the final on Saturday following a 2-0 win against Man City. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the hero for the Gunners as he scored both goals in the semi-final. On Sunday, Chelsea beat Man United 3-1. David De Gea was at fault as Olivier Giroud and Mason Mount fired the Blues 2-up at Wembley. A Harry Maguire own goal put Chelsea out of sight before Bruno Fernandes scored a consolation penalty for United. As standard, the winners of the FA Cup gain entry into next season’s Europa League. However, if the FA Cup winners also claim a top-6 spot in the Premier League, then a Europa League berth will be handed to whichever team finishes 6th in the Premier League. With two matches remaining in the league, Chelsea are guaranteed to finish in the top 5. The Pensioners are currently 3rd in the league on 63 points. Chelsea face Liverpool (a) and Wolves (h) in their final two matches of the Premier League campaign. If Chelsea also win the FA Cup, then qualification for Europe will be impacted, as follows: Europa League group stage: 5th, 6th Europa League second qualifying round: 7th Turning to Arsenal, the highest league position which the Gunners can finish in is 6th. The Gunners are 10th in the division on 53 points. Arsenal’s final two league matches of the season are against Aston Villa (a) and Watford (h). If Arsenal win the FA Cup and finish in 6th spot, then the team which finishes the Premier League season in 7th place will qualify for the Europa League. How would this break down? As follows: Europa League group stage: 5th, Arsenal Europa League second qualifying round: 7th If Arsenal win the FA Cup and finish 7th, or lower, then whichever teams finishes 6th in the league will go into the Europa League qualifiers. Also see: Brighton and Hove Albion vs Newcastle United live streaming and betting tips. Sheffield United vs Everton FC live streaming & betting tips. Wolverhampton Wanderers vs Crystal Palace live streaming & betting tips. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. These are players who played for Nigeria, not Nigerian-born players who represented other countries. Nigeria international Victor Moses played in the 2018 FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United and was on the winning side.Moses’ Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the FA Cup final played at Wembley on… May 19, 2018 In "News" Chelsea were gifted a place in the FA Cup final as Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea made a series of costly blunders in the Blues’ 3-1 win on Sunday. Frank Lampard’s side will face London rivals Arsenal in the final on August 1 thanks to another nightmare display in… July 19, 2020 In "Finance" Premier League leaders Liverpool will face Chelsea in the FA Cup fifth round if Jurgen Klopp’s understudies win their replay against Shrewsbury. Third-tier Shrewsbury fought back to draw 2-2 with Liverpool on Sunday, earning a replay at Anfield that falls during the Premier League winter break. Reds boss Klopp insists… January 27, 2020 In "News"