Harry Redknapp claims Frank Lampard will move swiftly on from his row with Jurgen Klopp, and “doesn’t need advice from anyone”. Lampard warned the Reds not to “get too arrogant” after the Liverpool bench went over the top in their celebrations. He has come under scrutiny after a video on social media emerged in which Lampard aimed profanities at Klopp and his staff. Klopp then responded claiming “Frank has to learn” from the incident, but Redknapp claims his nephew will already have moved on. “Frank has been around professional football since he was a toddler,” he told The Sun. “He doesn’t need advice from anyone, although I’ve lots of respect for Klopp. “Frank is very calm usually, he doesn’t tend to get involved in things like this. “For him to react like that, it must have been something to really wind him up. Frank respects Jurgen. And I know he will just want to shake hands on it if he can and move on. “You don’t play so long at the very top and then become a Premier League manager so quickly if you don’t have brains. “It would be good for them just to put it behind them. “Their paths will cross and it doesn’t help either of them if they can’t just see it as one of those moments when tempers are frayed.” FEATURE: The biggest European spender every year since 1992/93 Klopp recently responded to Lampard’s comments, saying: “Frank was obviously in a really competitive mood. I respect that a lot. You can pretty much, from my point of view, say, in a situation like this, what you want. “For me, when it is after the game, it is completely over. I have said a lot in the past because it is pure emotion. We are really involved. “He came here to win the game or to get a point to get Champions League qualification. I respect that a lot. What he has to learn is to finish it with the final whistle and he didn’t do that. “Speaking afterwards like this, that is not OK. Frank has to learn. He has a lot of time to learn because he is a young coach but that he has to learn.” The post Redknapp claims Lampard ‘doesn’t need advice’ from Klopp appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.