Alexis Sanchez has agreed to a three-year deal with Inter Milan, strengthening the possibility of a move away from Man Utd. According to Italian newspaper Gazzeta dello Sport (via SportWitness), the Chilean international has signed a ‘substantial agreement’ with Inter which would see him stay at the club until 2023. The proposed deal must now be agreed with Man Utd and Ed Woodward, who are keen to offload Sanchez and his huge wage packet. FEATURE: The prestigious Football365 end-of-season awards Sanchez is on loan at Inter until the end of the season. The Italian club are reportedly paying £100,000 of his massive £400,000-a-week wages. They are keen to keep him in Milan after a relatively successful first season in Serie A. He’s scored four and assisted nine in 20 games, a far more successful return than during his time at Old Trafford. He’s also linked up with former United player Romelu Lukaku, whose scored 29 goals in all competitions this season. Inter are expected to spread Sanchez’s €15 million a year wages over the next three years, saving both clubs money in the process. United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is unlikely to need the Chilean next term, with forwards Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford having been in good form this season. Plus, Sanchez only managed to score three goals in 32 games for the Red Devils before being loaned to Italy. Woodward initially wanted £20 million for the former Arsenal and Barcelona forward. This has now been lowered to £15 million as they try to get Sanchez’s wages off their books. Receiving a sum for Sanchez would also help United in their pursuit of Jadon Sancho, with Dortmund currently holding out for a huge fee. Inter know they are in the driving seat and will do all they can to avoid paying an outright sum for Sanchez. One possibility is that they hold off until closer to his contract expiration in 2022 to sign him for a reduced fee. The post Sanchez agrees terms with Inter as they await Man Utd response appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.