Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho has branded the decision to overturn Manchester City’s European ban “a disgrace”. City saw their two-year expulsion from UEFA competitions lifted by Court of Arbitration for Sport on Monday, meaning they are free to compete in next season’s Champions League. Their initial fine of 30million euros was also reduced to 10million euros (just under £9million) by the CAS. Mourinho took exception to that element of the decision, saying if they were not guilty they should not have received any punishment. “In relation to the decision, in any case it’s a disgraceful decision. If Man City is not guilty of it, to be punished by some million is a disgrace. “If you’re not guilty you’re not punished. In the other way, if you’re guilty you should be banned. So it’s also a disgraceful decision. In any case, it’s a disaster. If you’re not guilty, you don’t pay. “I’m not saying Man City is guilty. I’m saying if you’re not guilty you don’t pay. You are not punished, even with a pound. “I know that money is quite easy for them but it’s just a principle. Why are you paying 8-9million if you are not guilty? “If they are not guilty, the decision is a disgrace. If you are guilty the decision is also a disgrace. If you’re guilty you should be banned from the competition. “My criticism is not for Manchester City. I’m nobody to know if they’re guilty or not. My criticism is for the decision.” On the future of Financial Fair Play, Mourinho added: “In this moment we are speaking about Man City. But in the past, other clubs were in a similar situation, and you know the results of it. “So I think it’s better to open the circus door, and let everybody enjoy. And go inside for free, come out, go inside again, do it with freedom.” The post Mourinho slams ‘disgraceful’ Man City call: ‘Open the circus door’ appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.