Manchester United have confirmed that Bruno Fernandes has been named the club’s Player of the Month, his 3rd consecutive award. Following weeks of rampant speculation, attacking midfielder Fernandes finally made the move to Old Trafford on transfer deadline day in January. View this post on Instagram Amazing feeling to be part of this family! Can’t wait to get started and play in Theatre of Dreams  @manchesterunited A post shared by  Bruno Fernandes (@brunofernandes.10) on Jan 31, 2020 at 2:21pm PST And while there was understandable excitement surrounding his arrival, few could have predicted just how immediate Fernandes’ impact on Manchester United’s fortunes would prove. The Portuguese international has gone on to play a starring role for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men since his arrival, having added a new dimension of guile and creativity to the club’s midfield. All told, across 13 appearances in United’s colours, Fernandes has directly contributed to 10 goals. Even more crucially, though, has been the fact that the former Sampdoria man’s influence has also led to an upturn in results, with the Red Devils having not fallen to a single defeat since January. Fernandes’ exploits, meanwhile, have certainly not gone unrecognised amongst the Manchester United faithful. The 25-year-old was named as the club’s Player of the Month for February, with a Premier League Player of the Month award having quickly followed. Congratulations to @B_Fernandes8 on winning the @EASPORTSFIFA Player of the Month for February #PLAwards pic.twitter.com/475tuPlc00 — Premier League (@premierleague) March 16, 2020 The Portuguese was then crowned the Red Devils’ best once again in March, after starring versus the likes of Everton and Manchester City. And, incredibly, as outlined above, an official announcement a short time ago saw it confirmed that Fernandes has now also clinched the Player of the Month award at Manchester United for June. The accolade, the midfielder’s 3rd-straight, came with Fernandes having racked up a hefty 64% of the fan vote. It’s been quite the return to football for our Portuguese magnifico! Congratulations to the latest #MUFC Player of the Month: @B_Fernandes8  pic.twitter.com/KX4AdxSbwV — Manchester United (@ManUtd) July 4, 2020 And the 25-year-old’s prize-winning for the month of June may not yet be finished. This comes with Fernandes having also been nominated for the Premier League Player of the Month award. The United star is joined on the shortlist by teammate Anthony Martial, along with Wolves pair Conor Coady and Raul Jimenez, Southampton sharpshooter Danny Ings and Newcastle wide-man Allan Saint-Maximin. Who is your @EASPORTSFIFA Player of the Month? Coady Fernandes Ings Jimenez Martial Saint-Maximin Cast your vote  https://t.co/yUl4oMLIlC#PLAwards pic.twitter.com/21mmK17bgg — Premier League (@premierleague) July 3, 2020 Jadon Sancho ‘agrees personal terms’ with Man United as Dortmund strike Jude Bellingham deal Dean Henderson reveals hopes of emulating David de Gea: ‘Hopefully I have a career at Man Utd like he has’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.