 PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has sent a congratulatory message to ace broadcaster and one-time beauty queen, Chief Julie Coker, on her 80th birthday. In a statement in Abuja by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, the President said Chief Coker’s talents shot her into the limelight, being a former beauty queen. “President Buhari warmly felicitates with multi-talented artiste and veteran broadcaster, Chief Julie Coker, on her 80th birthday, joining the creative industry to celebrate the iconic culture ambassador, musician and author. “President Buhari congratulates the Yeye Eto of Lagos for a sterling career in journalism and performing arts, coming into limelight as a female broadcaster in Africa’s first television station, Western Nigerian Television (WNTV, Ibadan), which started transmission on October 31, 1959, and sustaining the grace in Nigerian Television Service (NTV Lagos), now Nigerian Television Authority (NTA). “As a former beauty queen, Miss Western Nigeria Competition, 1958, and runner-up at a Miss Nigeria contest, the President believes Chief Coker’s talent brought her into the spotlight at an early age, and has consistently sustained her growing influence over the years, both within and outside the country.” “President Buhari rejoices with family members, friends and professional associates of the exceptional broadcaster, who continues to project the country to the world by accepting leadership roles in culture and tourism in the United Kingdom (UK) and United States (U.S.A). “The President prays that the Almighty God will grant Chief Coker longer life, good health and more grace to pursue and actualise her dreams of making life better for others,” the statement said.  Original Article Bolaji Ogundele, Abuja President Muhmmadu Buhari is optimistic that the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) would fair well under the leadership of its newly elected President, Olumide Akpata. President Buhari’s assurance was contained in a congratulatory message he sent to the newly elected President of the NBA, assuring the legal body… August 1, 2020 In "News" ABUJA – The place of Chief John Odigie-Oyegun will be properly documented on August 17 when President Muhammadu Buhari lead political stalwarts that include governors, national and state assembly and technocrats to felicitate the former Edo State governor at an event scheduled to hold at International Conference Center (ICC), Abuja. Ray… August 12, 2019 In "News" By Bolaji Ogundele and Victor Oluwasegun, Abuja President Muhammadu Buhari and House of Representatives Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila have sent warm greetings to Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu on his 55th birthday today. A statement in Abuja by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina reads: “…President Buhari… June 25, 2020 In "News"