Borussia Dortmund are ready to agree a deal with Man Utd for the transfer of their winger Jadon Sancho, according to reports. Rumours have persisted over the last 18 months that United will try and secure a deal for Sancho, with the Red Devils now looking likely to seal a deal for the Dortmund winger. The Independent claimed on Friday that Dortmund are ‘willing to let’ Sancho leave this summer but only ‘for the right price’ with ‘all sides are confident a deal can be done’. FEATURE: Jadon Sancho next? Ten most profitable transfers Man Utd confirmed their participation in next season’s Champions League – key to persuading Sancho to join – by beating Leicester City 2-0 on Sunday to finish the Premier League campaign in third position. There were also contrasting reports on Monday with Bild claiming that Dortmund have rejected a bid from Man Utd, only for British media to dismiss that notion. However, Independent reporter Miguel Delaney claims that Sancho’s proposed transfer to the Red Devils has ‘moved closer’ today with Dortmund now ‘willing to agree on an initial fee’. Despite that, there are still ‘no formal negotiations’ between Dortmund and United with all the talks so far going ‘between intermediaries’. Dortmund are said to be ‘almost pushing the deal’ as they have now planned for life without the England international. The Bundesliga side ‘will accept an initial £60m, although there is still a distance regarding the pay plan thereafter.’ The report from Delaney adds that Man Utd are the only team in for Sancho – despite mutterings of interest from Liverpool – and Dortmund are keen to avoid ‘a long-running “saga”, so are willing to compromise’. The post Dortmund ‘agree initial fee’ with Man Utd as Sancho deal accelerates appeared first on Football365. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Man Utd have had their first bid for Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho rejected by the Bundesliga club, according to reports in Germany. Rumours have persisted over the last 18 months that United will try and secure a deal for Sancho, with the Red Devils now looking likely to attempt… July 27, 2020 In "Sports" Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho is not completely convinced that a transfer to Man Utd would be the best move for his career, according to reports. Sancho has been linked heavily with a return to the Premier League this summer after spending three years at Borussia Dortmund. Earlier on Tuesday,… July 7, 2020 In "Sports" Borussia Dortmund plan on offering Jadon Sancho a new deal to keep him at the club beyond this summer amid interest from Man Utd, according to reports. The 20-year-old has scored 17 goals and provided 17 assists in the league this season as his reputation as one of the best… June 24, 2020 In "Sports"