 The Lagos State Police Command has shut down a hotel in Ipaja following the mysterious death of a guest identified as Emmanuel Ayuk. Ayuk’s dead and unclad body was said to have been discovered on July 26, days after he checked into the hotel. It was gathered that the police temporarily shut the hotel for investigation because contact details of the deceased, his personal belongings and any other means of identifying were not found. Sources said the hotel failed to provide records of Ayuk’s check-in details, an indication it might be hiding something. It was learnt that the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) Ipaja, Tokunbo Aboniwonda, a Chief Superintendent (CSP), led homicide detectives to the scene when they received the information and arrested the hotel’s manager. “The manager was transferred to State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) Panti, Yaba for further investigation. The hotel’s room service claimed they discovered the body days after the cleaned his room,” said a source. He said the police suspected foul play because there was no phone in the room to contact any member of Ayuk’s family, neither was any phone nor bag containing his personal belongings found. Contacted, spokesman Bala Elkana promised to revert but was yet to at the time the report was filed.  Original Article By Osa Okhomina,Yenagoa Tragedy struck in Yenagoa Saturday in the Bayelsa state capital following the discovery of the lifeless body of a stalwart of the All Progressives Congress(APC), Hon. Nasko Egei at Aridolf Resort Wellness and Spa owned by former First Lady, Dame Patience Jonathan. Nasko, as he was fondly… December 23, 2017 In "News" Precious Igbonwelundu LAGOS lawyer Femi Falana (SAN) has requested a coroner’s investigation into the death of an Ibadan artisan Olaoluwa Bolarinwa, 41, in the custody of the Inspector General of Police Special Tactical Squad (STS), Ayobo, Lagos. He made the request yesterday in a letter addressed to the Chief Coroner,… June 17, 2020 In "News" By Precious Igbonwelundu Activist lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN) has requested a coroner’s investigation into the death of an Ibadan artisan Olaoluwa Bolarinwa, 41, in the custody of the Inspector General of Police’ (IG) Special Tactical Squad (STS), Ayobo, Lagos. He made the request yesterday in a letter addressed to the… June 16, 2020 In "News"