The West Midlands Police Department have this evening confirmed that a boy of just 12 years of age has been taken into custody, in connection with the online racist abuse of Wilfried Zaha. In a concerning story across the English media this morning, it came to light that Crystal Palace star Zaha had been subjected to a string of racially motivated insults on Saturday night. The messages, via Twitter, came in anticipation of the Eagles’ meeting with Aston Villa this afternoon, and appeared to come courtesy of a fan of the latter. First, Zaha was warned: ‘You better not score tomorrow your black c*** or I’ll come to your house dressed as a ghost.’ This was followed by a series of images, including one of white supremacist group the Ku Klux Klan: Woke up to this today. pic.twitter.com/Zal0F96htJ — Wilfried Zaha (@wilfriedzaha) July 12, 2020 Crystal Palace quickly Tweeted out a message of support for their star man, assuring that the club ‘stand with’ Zaha: This is an absolute disgrace and should not be happening. We stand with you, Wilf, and anyone else who has to suffer such horrific abuse.#CPFC https://t.co/9zXzm21JO5 — Crystal Palace F.C. (@CPFC) July 12, 2020 Speaking ahead of his side’s 2-0 win over Aston Villa, meanwhile, Roy Hodgson revealed that Palace, alongside the Claret and Blue and the Premier League, were doing ‘everything they can to find out who this despicable individual is’. And, as outlined above, the individual in question has this evening been identified. In a statement released a short time ago, West Midlands Police confirmed that a boy of just 12 years of age had been taken into custody, in relation to the situation: #ARRESTED| We were alerted to a series of racist messages sent to a footballer today and after looking into them and conducting checks, we have arrested a boy. The 12-year-old from #Solihull has been taken to custody. Thanks to everyone who raised it. Racism won’t be tolerated. pic.twitter.com/oFxBUvdtV1 — West Midlands Police – #StayAlert (@WMPolice) July 12, 2020 AFC Bournemouth vs Leicester City live streaming & betting tips Grealish uses Bruno Fernandes’ awarded penalty to defend himself against diving accusations: ‘If that’s a pen..’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.