COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero says he used to look up to former Liverpool and Man Utd striker Michael Owen when he was growing up in Argentina following his goal against the country in the 1998 World Cup. Owen, who was 18 at the time, scored a spectacular goal in England’s 2-2 penalty defeat to Argentina as the Three Lions were knocked out at the last-16 stage. Aguero has scored 254 goals in 368 appearances in all competitions since joining City from Atletico Madrid in 2011, helping the Citizens win four Premier League titles – including their first ever in 2011. MAILBOX: Firmino is a poor man’s Bergkamp, Trolley Problem and more… And the Argentina international says it was Owen’s goals for England and Liverpool that helped him fall in love with the Premier League. Speaking to Arsenal legend Thierry Henry (via Sky Sports), Aguero said: “When I was a kid I was looking up to Michael Owen. I’ve always said. Even in my book. I like him because he’s small. “He had the number 10, just like me in my club, and he played as a forward. So I told myself, if a small player like him is doing well in the Premier League I could make it too. “Imagine that I was only a kid, I was 9-10 years old, it was in 1996, 97, 98. “He scored this amazing goal with England [at the 1998 World Cup in France]. I was a kid, and when I saw that goal I couldn’t believe my eyes. I was watching the World Cup in my neighbourhood and I was telling everyone I loved Owen.” Aguero added: “The Premier League is the best league in the world but first, my wish to go and play in Europe,” the 31-year-old said. “I didn’t think too much, it was just a wish. My goal was to train, train, and play with the first team, then we’ll see. “Fortunately, I have played in the two best leagues but personally, I prefer the English Premier League. I really enjoyed playing in the Spanish La Liga and the Premier League. “But the Premier League is fantastic, there’s an amazing atmosphere no matter what game you play, stadiums are full. It’s beautiful. The football is fast and, on my side, I just love it.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Aguero reveals ex-Liverpool, Man Utd man he ‘looked up to’ as a kid appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.