COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 In order to beef up its awareness crusade on the Covid-19 pandemic ravaging the globe, ActionAid Nigeria has said that it targets to reach over 36,000 community inhabitants in its SARVE 11 project communities. The project targets especially the most vulnerable,  while prioritising women, children nursing mothers and the elderly. Against this backdrop, ActionAid Nigeria has embarked on strengthening of rural community groups against Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) through awareness creation and sensitisation campaigns with a commitment to cover over 36,000 inhabitants in Kogi State. ActionAid Resilience Programmes Coordinator , Anicetus Atakpu , disclosed this at a Door-to-Door COVID-19  Precautionary Awareness Campaign and strengthening of Community facilitators in Koton-Karfe community, Kogi-KK Local Government over the weekend. He said that although there was no recorded positive case of COVID-19 in Kogi at the moment, ActionAid had continued its public awareness campaign and sensitisation at the grassroots in the state in view of the daily increase in the number of cases across the country. He added that the programme was in pursuance of the System And Structure Strengthening Approach Against Radicalization to Violent Extremism (SARVE II) Project being implemented in Kogi and Nasarawa States and funded by Global Community Engagement and Resilience Fund (GCERF). “A week ago, when the sensitisation campaign was launched in Kogi State, ActionAid Nigeria identified huge gaps of misinformation, misconceptions and lack of preparedness by community groups and members,” he said. “This informed her decision to commence an awareness campaign as a way of complementing the state government’s efforts especially as some hoodlums have  leveraged on the situation to perpetuate violence in communities across the country”. He explained that ActionAid Nigeria is taking a proactive step in this regard to ensure that residents of Kogi state, particularly its project beneficiaries are properly sensitised, informed and united to prevent and combat the deadly coronavirus. The Coordinator disclosed that ActionAid in collaboration with Participation Initiative for Behavioural Change in Development (PIBCID) had engaged community facilitators and established Community Action and Response Teams (CART) members to reach out to the communities. “Our target is to reach over 36,000 community inhabitants especially our SARVE II project communities and the most vulnerable, while prioritising women, children, nursing mothers and the elderly”. In the same vein Halima Saqid , Executive Director ,  PIBCID,  ActionAid  local rights partners in Kogi , urged the facilitators to promote hand washing and other hygiene practices, using their local dialects  in their door-to-door community engagement. While debunking wrong massages and myths around the virus, she emphasised that Covid -19  was no respecter of persons , not a rich man’s disease, neither can it be cured through drinking games of dry fin (Ogogoro) and alcohol. Also speaking, the Monarch of Koton-Karfe, Abdulrazaq Isa-Koto who was represented by his Chief of Staff, Adamu Wokili, promised to ensure that the sensitisation and awareness campaign will be spread across his subjects. “So far, God has prevented the virus from coming to Kogi State and we pray Him to wipe it out of the country (Nigeria).” Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. LOKOJA – The ActionAid Nigeria has launched System and Structure Strengthening Approach Against Radicalization to Violent Extremism SARVE2 aimed at decreasing vulnerability of at-risk young persons to violent extremism, strengthening structures and community systems to creating enabling environment for preventing extremism. ActionAid Nigeria , a member of ActionAid International is committed… June 27, 2019 In "News" ActionAid Nigeria, an anti-poverty non-governmental organisation, has called on the Federal Government to prioritise vulnerable women, children, aged and persons with disabilities in its palliative measures to cushion their loss of income during this period of lockdown in the country. Speaking in Abuja on Friday, Ene Obi, the Country Director… April 3, 2020 In "News" Tribune Online ActionAid Nigeria steps up campaign against violence The ActionAid Nigeria, an NGO, says it is setting up campaign against violent extremism in parts of the country. To achieve this, Ms Ene Obi, the Country Director of the organisation, inaugurated a project, tagged “System and Structure: Strengthening Approach Against… June 28, 2019 In "News"