COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Kieran Trippier has been charged with allegedly breaching the Football Association’s betting rules. The 29-year-old star of England’s 2018 run to the World Cup semi-finals moved from Tottenham to Atletico Madrid in July 2019. Trippier has been charged with alleged breaches of the FA’s betting rules during that month and the right-back has released a statement saying that he will continue to fully cooperate with the investigation. “I have fully complied with the FA’s investigation over the past several months on a voluntary basis and will continue to do so,” the Atletico Madrid full-back said. “I want to make it clear that while a professional footballer, I have at no stage placed any football related bets or received any financial benefit from others betting.” The Daily Telegraph claim the charge has come about after friends made bets on ‘light-hearted information that had been relayed in private’. It is a potentially similar situation to that which saw Daniel Sturridge handed a worldwide three-month football ban for passing information of a future transfer onto his brother, which was then used to place bets. The FA said the right-back “has been charged with misconduct in relation to alleged breaches of The FA’s Betting Rules, specifically in relation to Rule E8(1)(a)(ii) and Rule E8(1)(b), during the period of July 2019.” Trippier has until May 18 to provide a response to the charges laid out by the governing body. Clarifying those rules, the FA said Rule E8(1)(a) states that “a participant shall not bet, either directly or indirectly, or instruct, permit, cause or enable any person to bet on – (i) the result, progress, conduct or any other aspect of, or occurrence in or in connection with, a football match or competition; or (ii) any other matter concerning or related to football anywhere in the world, including, for example and without limitation, the transfer of players, employment of managers, team selection or disciplinary matters.” Rule E8(1)(b) in the FA’s betting rules relates to “where a participant provides to any other person any information relating to football which the participant has obtained by virtue of his or her position within the game and which is not publicly available at that time, the participant shall be in breach of this rule where any of that information is used by that other person for, or in relation to, betting.” The post Former Tottenham star Trippier hit with FA betting charge appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Former Liverpool and England striker Daniel Sturridge has been suspended from all football and football-related activity until the end of June 17, 2020, the Football Association has announced. The 30-year-old was handed a two-week suspension from football and a £75,000 fine back in June after an independent regulatory commission found… March 2, 2020 In "Sports" Daniel Sturridge has been banned for six weeks, suspended for four weeks, and fined £75,000 having been found to be in breach of FA betting rules. The England international was found guilty of two of 11 offences the FA had charged him with back in November 2018. The Regulatory Commission… July 18, 2019 In "News" LAGOS –Â In Nigeria, it is considered an influence brought in by the British, her colonial masters. It dates back to the 20s, gaining more prominence in the 50s, 60s, 70s, and 80s via card games, dice and even traditional games such as ‘ayo olopon’. At a time, it was illegal… January 12, 2019 In "News"