COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says the energy around the club “wasn’t right” under Unai Emery but the Spaniard has been taking steps to improve it. The Gunners have had an awful first half of the season, only winning six times in 22 Premier League matches, leaving them tenth in the table. Emery was sacked in November after going seven matches without a win and Arteta has also had mixed results – but Arsenal fans have been encouraged by recent good Premier League scorelines and performances. FEATURE: What if every season was abandoned after 29 games? Speaking to Ian Wright on his YouTube channel, Arteta said: “It is happening [the transformation]. Coming into the club in that moment wasn’t easy but you mention a key word which is ‘energy’ and I felt that the energy around the training ground and the stadium wasn’t right for this magnificent club. “I was here and was lucky to play here so everyone first of all has to feel in that way. There was a lot of disconnection in many areas and I wanted to bring everyone together. “First of all to make everyone understand how lucky we are to be here and then a very clear direction of where we have to be.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Arteta takes dig at Emery regime over Arsenal ‘energy’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Unai Emery has this afternoon revealed his opinion that Arsenal’s decision to appoint Mikel Arteta as the club’s new boss was the correct one. Emery dismissed The situation surrounding the hotseat at the Emirates stadium had proven one of the main talking points throughout the European football media over the… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" Aubameyang Arsenal star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will be staying with the club despite speculation he wanted a move said Gunners manager Mikel Arteta on Thursday. The 30-year-old France-born Gabonese international, reports suggest, is reluctant to commit himself any longer than the 18 months remaining on his contract due to Arsenal… January 2, 2020 In "News" Martin Keown has slammed Arsenal after an “unprofessional” performance as they crashed out of the Europa League to Olympiacos on Thursday. Youssef El Arabi’s goal in the 119th minute of extra time took the Greek side through to the last 16 on away goals. With just seconds left of the… February 28, 2020 In "Sports"