COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Arsene Wenger has suggested dissatisfaction with one particular element of Unai Emery’s Arsenal tenure. Emery replaced Wenger as manager of Arsenal in summer 2018 but lasted just 18 months in the role. Mikel Arteta took over from his compatriot and admitted “the energy around the training ground and the stadium wasn’t right for this magnificent club” after Emery’s spell. Wenger has echoed those sentiments, saying he wants the “culture” at Arsenal to return after a brief hiatus. “I worry about the club still a lot and I watch all of the games,” he told talkSPORT. “I believe there is a culture in the way to play football at Arsenal that I want to be respected. And I hope Mikel can get that back.” Wenger added praise for “champions” Liverpool and manager Jurgen Klopp. “Jurgen has done extremely well because that club has waited 30 years for this title,” he said. “And when you think they have such a massive difference to the second team, Manchester City, as well – 25 points, it’s absolutely massive. “No matter what England will decide, Liverpool are champions in everyone’s head, I think.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Wenger suggests unhappiness with one element of Emery reign appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Arsene Wenger has today revealed that he has rejected several opportunities to make a return to the dugout in England, due to his Arsenal ties. Wenger’s Arsenal reign French tactician Wenger held the post of Arsenal boss for an incredible 22 years between 1996 and 2018. However, the final years… October 8, 2019 In "Sports" Wenger set for international football Former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has suggested he’s targeting a return to management with an international team before the Qatar World Cup in 2022. Wenger has been out of football since he left Arsenal at the back end of the 17/18 season. After some very… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal’s new manager? Arsenal are reportedly finalising a move for Manchester City assistant Mikel Arteta, with a three-and-a-half year contract on the table. The Spaniard played for the Gunners from 2011 to 2016, captaining the club during his stint at the Emirates. Since retiring from football, Arteta has made a… December 18, 2019 In "Sports"