COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 AIICO Insurance Plc. has embarked on a Feeding Relief Programme to cater to the needs of underprivileged communities in Lagos amid the COVID-19 lockdown. As a socially responsible organization, the Company has seen the need for this Corporate Social Responsibility intervention to complement Government’s efforts aimed at ensuring access to food supply while restricting movements to contain the spread of the virus. The Company has made provisions to feed over 130 people daily for 14 days. These include women, children and young adults. It has collaborated with DreamsFromTheSlum (a Non-Profit Organization with a commitment to humanitarian causes) and Chicken Republic, a retail fast food company, for logistics and implementation. According to Abimbola Shobanjo, AIICO’s Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability manager, “The movement restriction has affected the ability of these people to pursue their day-to-day livelihoods. These are mostly petty traders and artisans in impoverished communities who now find it extremely difficult to provide for their families and dependants. We aim to provide daily meals to support them during this challenging period.” The Company also believes that it is one of the ways to encourage them to stay at home and to maintain social distancing to avoid the spread of the virus; the food is delivered to them at their various homes. The distribution is being done under safe and appropriate hygiene conditions to protect both the officials and the beneficiaries. Babatunde Fajemirokun, managing director/CEO stated, “We are prioritizing the needs of the vulnerable and less privileged in these extraordinary times in line with our commitment to the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goal on ‘Zero Hunger’. We will continue to pursue causes and drive initiatives to ameliorate the impact of the lockdown, through this season and beyond”. It will be recalled that the Company is actively involved in collaborative efforts with other industry stakeholders in donations towards the fight against COVID-19. AIICO Insurance is a leading composite insurer in Nigeria with a track record of serving our clients that dates back over 50 years. Founded in 1963, AIICO provides life and health insurance, general insurance, investment management and pension management services as a means to create and protect wealth for individuals, families and corporate customers. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.