A recent report in the English media has claimed that Chelsea could sign Ajax’s Nicolas Tagliafico for less than £23m. Tagliafico made the move to Ajax back in January of 2018. The Dutch powerhouse are understood to have paid less than £4m to Independiente for the Argentine’s services. And that fee has since proven a real bargain, given how impressive Tagliafico has been both domestically and in Europe for Ajax. All told, the 27-year-old has notched 99 appearances across all competitions for Ajax, in which he has scored 12 and assisted 15. Tagliafico enjoyed a particularly productive 2018/19 campaign in Amsterdam. The left-back featured 29 times in the league as Ajax clinched their first Eredivisie title in five years. Tagliafico also shone in the Champions League, scoring three in ten outings as Ajax shocked the world in making it all the way to the semi-finals, seeing off European powerhouses such as Real Madrid and Juventus along the way. View this post on Instagram Recuerdos de un gran momento hace un año, celebrando el título con nuestros hinchas. ¡¡Inolvidable!! Memories of a great moment from a year ago, celebrating the title with our fans. Unforgettable!! #ajax #kampioenen #nummer34 #onthisday A post shared by  Nicolas Tagliafico (@tagliafico3) on May 16, 2020 at 5:48am PDT Given how impressive the 25-time capped international has been during his time with Ajax, it is somewhat surprising that Tagliafico has not yet been snapped up by one of Europe’s elite clubs. However, if the aforementioned report from the Telegraph is anything to go by, then Tagliafico could soon be plying his trade in one of Europe’s top-five leagues. According to the Telegraph, Chelsea have been informed that they could sign Tagliafico for just £22.4m in the next transfer window. Frank Lampard is understood to be keen to add a new left-back to his squad, and previously considered a move for Leicester City’s Ben Chilwell. However, the Telegraph claim that Tagliafico could be a much cheaper alternative, with Chilwell said to be valued at more than £40m. It is also alleged that the Ajax star is keen to move to England. And with Chelsea having already secured the services of Hakim Ziyech from the Dutch champions ahead of next season, this could give the Blues an edge should they try to land Tagliafico, too. See also: VfL Wolfsburg vs Eintracht Frankfurt live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online SC Freiburg vs Bayer 04 Leverkusen live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.