COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 RTI International is one of the world’s leading research institutes, dedicated to improving the human condition by turning knowledge into practice. Our staff of more than 3,700 provides research and technical services to governments and businesses in more than 75 countries in the areas of health and pharmaceuticals, education and training, surveys and … RTI International in collaboration with Plan International and other partners are implementing a 4-year USAID funded Effective Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene (E-WASH) program. The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) Effective Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene Services (E-WASH) Program, implemented by RTI International, is working to improve urban water and sanitation service delivery by strengthening the governance, financial and technical viability of state water boards (SWBs)/corporations in six states in Nigeria. The six states are Abia, Delta, Imo, Niger, Sokoto, and Taraba. E-WASH will work toward achieving the following mutually reinforcing objectives: Utility Support Fund (USF) Engineer – Abuja Under the direct supervision of the Utility Technical Advisor (UTA), the USF Engineer will support the UTA  who is based in Abuja in the implementation monitoring of USF activities, rehabilitation, construction and monitoring of progress against targets. The USF Engineer will also interface with the USF Manager to provide technical support in the Utility Support Fund procurement process specific to engineering tendering and documentation. The Engineer with the support of the UTA, will be responsible for the following key tasks, to include, but not be limited to: Minimum Required Education & Experience Closing Date: May 19, 2020 The post Utility Support Fund (USF) Engineer at RTI International appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.