COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has threatened to re-impose total lockdown on the state if the failure to comply with gradual easing guidelines on COVID-19 which began on Monday, May 4, continues. Sanwo-Olu said the state government within the next few days might be compelled to take tougher actions, which include the review of gradual relaxation announced about a week ago. He described as unacceptable, the poor compliance level with the COVID-19 protocols, including physical and social distancing, wearing of face masks, not exceeding 60 percent carriage capacity in public transportation especially by the yellow commercial buses, all of which were meant to check the spread of the coronavirus in the state. The governor, who gave an update on developments relating to the Covid-19 pandemic on Saturday, also directed the police to immediately begin confiscation of commercial motorcycles (Okada) for failure to vacate the roads this period as earlier directed. The governor also ordered security agencies to turn back vehicles violating the restriction imposed on inter-state movements of persons. According to him, information at the disposal of the state government, showed that people now trek from Ogun State, crossing the long bridge (Kara Bridge) into Lagos in violation of the inter-state movement restriction, saying this can no longer be allowed. He said while trucks carrying essential items and foodstuffs are allowed, those having with them more than seven persons would also be turned back. …more details later. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu By Olasunkanmi Akoni Following the sharp rise in the confirmed cases of COVID-19, Lagos State Government, through the Lagos State Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development has released additional guidelines. The guideline was intended to curtail the possibility of continuous spread of the virus… May 9, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Releases hotlines for whistleblowing Urges discharged patients to observe 14 more days isolation period Orders public workers to stay at home Seeks monarchs’ support Decries shortage of PPE in the state By Olasunkanmi Akoni Amid increasing cases of COVID-19 pandemic and a gradual easing of lockdown, Governor Babajide… May 3, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu By Olasunkanmi Akoni Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has suspended the operations of commercial motorcycle operators, popularly known as Okada, in the state, following the COVID-19 pandemic. This is coming ahead of next Monday’s expiration of the lockdown imposed by the Federal Government on… April 29, 2020 In "News"