COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Paul Scholes says that there were certain individuals that would love having a “pop back” at Sir Alex Ferguson during his tenure as Man Utd boss. Ferguson had a reputation for delivering verbal volleys at his players so intense it earned the nickname the ‘hairdryer’. And Scholes has claimed that Paul Ince, Peter Schmeichel, Ryan Giggs and David Beckham were four players that loved to answer back at Fergie. MEDIAWATCH: How to buy Bruno Fernandes for £4m and more nonsense… Scholes has recalled the first time he argued with Ferguson after attempting a backheel on the halfway line during a Man Utd match against Newcastle, leading to Alan Shearer scoring. He told Savage Social: “It was the first time I ever answered back. It was never something I would ever do because I’d seen people answer back to him, I’d seen Incey answer back and Schmeichel – and it doesn’t end well. Trust me. “I just kept answering back to him. I was wrong really. That was never me. Whenever I was getting a ‘b*****king, I just took it and took it and took it. “But for this one occasion I thought it was merited, I thought I’d made a little bit of a difference to the team, got us back into the game really. Some people loved arguing with him. Giggsy is one. He can’t keep his mouth shut, whether he’s right or wrong it doesn’t matter. “Beckham was the same. He’d always have a pop back but I’d never say a word.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Scholes names four Man Utd legends that always argued with Fergie appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Paul Scholes has declared Manchester United’s front three is among the best in Europe after seeing the side scrape past Burnley 2-0 on Saturday. Goals from Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford wrapped up the three points for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s team, who jumped up to fifth in the Premier League… December 29, 2019 In "News" Manchester United’s Marcus Rashford celebrates scoring his side’s third goal of the game during the Premier League match at Old Trafford, Manchester. Paul Scholes thinks Marcus Rashford could leave Manchester United if they continue to fail to make the Champions League. Rashford has scored 16 goals in all competitions this… December 30, 2019 In "News" Paul Scholes thinks Manchester United defender Luke Shaw would be a “top left-back” if he showed more “dedication” to the tole. The England international was impressive as Man Utd beat Club Brugge 5-0 on Thursday night to qualify for the last-16 of the Europa League. And ahead of that fixture,… February 28, 2020 In "Sports"