COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Vector & Mastaa – Crossroads (EP) Highly gifted rapper, Vector and ace music producer, Mastaa aka Masterkaft, have released their highly anticipated EP titled, “Crossroads.” The new extended play houses 5 sublime tracks including collaborations with ace Nigerian disk jockey, DJ Neptune and the skilled DJ Magnum. SEE ALSO: Vector & Mastaa – Eyan Colgate ft. DJ Neptune The “Crossroads” EP is a journey into something new, eclectic, rhythmic , and refreshingly different. Using a mix of English, Yoruba and pidgin, and a medley of sounds deliberately arranged to stun and delight at the same time, Vector and Mastaa introduce us to a tune that adopts signature from all kinds of African sound, fused it nicely with the rhythm and pace that’s unique to rap and created a revolution – Rapfrobeat. The new sub-genre will definitely open the doors to a new wave of music and musicians. This body of work will entertain you, it’ll cause you to reflect, make your face blossom into a smile because the joy flowing through your ears will be too much to contain. Of course you’ll bop your head and if you let yourself go your feet will move to the rhythm of a sound that can only be described as distinct. This body of work is a deviation from the norm designed to captivate the sense. If rebellion was music, this would be it. Check it out and share your thoughts below. GET IT ON DIGITAL PLATFORMS The post Vector & Mastaa – Crossroads (EP) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Vector & Mastaa - Eyan Colgate ft. DJ Neptune Vector and Masterkrfatf releases new record, "Eyan Colgate" featuring DJ Neptune Off the highly anticipated "Crossroads" extended play, Vector and heavyweight music producer, Mastaa (Masterkraft) serve new record dubbed "Eyan Colgate," complimented with animated visual. SEE ALSO: Vector &… May 15, 2020 In "Music/Video" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Vector teamed up with award-winning producer, Masterkraft (MASTAA) for the release of this new track titled “If We Must (Sun x Rain)“, off their forthcoming EP “Crossroads“. “Crossroads” is a 5-track extended play featuring DJ Neptune and DJ Magnum. Talking about the forthcoming EP: MASTAA has proven yet… May 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Vector has released a new single titled “Eyan Colgate” featuring Mastaa (Masterkraft) and DJ Neptune. The new single is taken off Vector’s highly anticipated “Crossroads” extended play and complemented with an animated visual. Listen to the song below: Watch the visualizer: The post New Music: Vector & Mastaa… May 16, 2020 In "Entertainment"