COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 To remain competitive and relevant in the ever-evolving marketplace, businesses must create that suitable platform where robust insights from its partners and customers are harnessed. Effective engagement with partners and stakeholders helps to translate stakeholder needs and expectations into operational objectives while creating the strategic alignment required for business growth. A key aspect of a company’s operations that underscores the overarching imperative of effective stakeholder engagement is how propositions are channeled to reach final users. Businesses often adopt a mix of options in order to achieve optimum product penetration outcomes. This may be directly through corporate outlets or indirectly through wholesalers, retailers or franchised and non-franchised dealers. However, given the vast population density and land area of a peculiar market like Nigeria, it is easy to see why structured businesses engage a highly efficient distribution network of dealers who have immediate access to the brand, receive products directly and then service wholesalers and/or retailers. This complex challenge that businesses face with product penetration is now further complicated in most emerging markets due to the crippling structural dislocations of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic that have forced cuts in physical and social contacts by almost 90%! Therefore, it can be said that dealers and distributors are an extension of the brand’s living or working structure because they enjoy first-hand access to information and updates concerning the brand. They also provide the critical linkage with customers that help to build loyalty and ultimately promote increased sales turnover, making it pertinent that brands constantly rethink its relationship with this vital stakeholder group for efficiency to ensure that the desired business outcomes for both parties are realized. This evidently motivated mobile operator, 9mobile, into hosting its partners and stakeholders earlier in the year to a conference tagged “Facing the future together.” A close look at the theme of the conference would reveal that its aim was to tap into the unbreakable spirit that binds 9mobile and its partners to craft and deliver a new and effective strategy for its distribution value chain. Speaking at the 9mobile Channel Partner Conference, Idorenyen Enang, the CEO at Corporate Shephards Limited, stressed the essence of effective partnership between a brand and its dealers. Idorenyen Enang said, “Collaboration is very essential, there is absolutely no way you won’t win if everyone contributes their strengths to the common goal. Win-win is about winning together. The strength of partnerships is what makes things work and guarantee enduring success. It is clear that taking the future calls for more collaboration.” Brands are increasingly realizing that it is not just enough to have channel partners, it is also important to equip them with the right tools and resources that help them become stronger and more efficient businesses, more knowledgeable about the brand and become top sellers. This was equally underscored at the 9mobile Channel Partner Conference by Oluwatosin Olulana, the director of sales at 9mobile, while commenting on the telco’s business outlook for 2020. He assured partners that, “there will be more focus on simpler propositions, staying true to our promise of delivering better service in terms of data quality and pricing.  With the recent expansion of our 4G network, we have increased capacity, which means that we need to do more in terms of deployment. There is a huge potential that we can take advantage of, and we are very optimistic about meeting our expectations this year.” Another noteworthy point in this discourse is that brands are better off when they welcome feedback and input from partners in shaping key business decisions. Communication as we know it is a two-way street, and it is important that brands listen and get valuable feedback from their distribution networks. This valuable feedback system has been a strong part of the culture at 9mobile. In her remarks at the 2020 Channel Partner Conference, Teniola Stuffman, the business development director of Vas2Net Technology Limited, said, “our deliberations have been very constructive and l like that the introduction was very focused. It is a step in the right direction for us and I have the confidence that with what we have heard we are expecting 2020 to be much better. There are some demands that we have made, and the brand has promised they will respond and there are some commitments from our own side as well.” “It is teamwork and if we are both collaborating well, we should be able to achieve our target by the end of the year. Sustainability is very key, and the element of focus makes it obvious that we are all on the same page. Also, the fact that all concerns have been taken to mind is very key,” she said. Another partner at the conference, Olajide Samson, the managing director of Sonite Communications Limited said, “9mobile has been resilient despite all the challenges and have come out stronger with a formidable management team who are receptive to the needs of its partners. They are innovative and proactive to the aspirations of dealers and customers. 9mobile is a company with a bright prospect.” The event highlighted why today’s brands must create opportunities for interactions with their channel partners so as to learn of their challenges first-hand and identify what support they need to be more effective. These stakeholders can be most successful when they feel valued and know that the brand appreciates that their contributions impact the overall bottom-line of the business. Samson Isa, the managing director, Clickatell, restated the long history of his partnership with 9mobile as well as their supportive disposition. “It is one of the telcos that is customer-centric. They are concerned about the profitability of our partnership. We are here to strategize on our partnership, look for more opportunities for growth and align with the network’s business objectives. One of the things I appreciate about the management team of 9mobile is their honesty. 9mobile is constantly exploring better financing options to strengthen the business fundamentals, while prioritizing network improvement, pricing strategy and improved service quality. I am convinced that we are on the right track and that 9mobile will bounce back strongly and do very well in the telecommunications market.” Stephane Beuvelet, acting managing director, 9mobile, re-emphasized the rationale behind the Channel Partners Conference while highlighting the company’s resolve to foster value-driven relationships among its channel partners. “The idea behind this conference is to converge with our channel partners and dealers to create the energy and momentum that we need to grow in 2020 and beyond. We have fixed the challenges we had in the past, and now we are in the right trajectory to succeed,” he said. “We have started on the right footing with the deployment of our infrastructure and 4GLTE across the country. We have also slashed down our prices, and people have realized that 9mobile is the preferred network. We have also created this new demand that will favour our partners and sales dealers,” he said. Beuvelet further outlined some unique customer propositions of the network.  “We have the cheapest and best quality service. We also have a well-trained and effective customer care team that is second to none across all our touchpoints. We want to reassure Nigerians and our customers that we have more competitive products and services with the best value at the most affordable rate. “We recognize that we need our partners and dealers to grow, and the reason we are sitting together with them today is not only to share our plans and vision but also to hear from them and strengthen our relationship,” he said. With the expected trickle-down impact of 9mobile’s 2020 business plans on the operations of its channel partners across the country, stakeholders are confident of improved performance outcomes later in the year. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. As part of efforts to empower more women in Nigeria especially entrepreneurs, a leadership online business, Jumia partnered Facebook to empower Small and Medium Enterprises, SMEs by offering them free master class on business growth accelerators, effective customer engagement strategy, and how to advertise their businesses and ultimately grow their… November 28, 2019 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Havenhill Foundation is a Non-Profit Organization with focus on human development through strategic investments and interventions in energy access, health, graduate work, employment and skills development, leadership and civic education. Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer Summary of role The Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director will be responsible for strategic direction, growth… May 12, 2020 In "Gists" Ecobank Nigeria has announced an Agriculture Businesses Finance Scheme where it plans to disburse additional loan of N70 Billion for practitioners in different value chains of Agriculture within the next two years. This announcement is coming just as the bank is set to organise Nigeria’s Biggest Agribusiness And Food Summit… January 11, 2020 In "News"