Rennes’ president has recently been speaking about rising star, Eduardo Camavinga, who has been linked with a number of Europe’s top clubs in recent months. Camavinga is arguably the hottest prospect in French football right now. The then 16-year-old began to shine at the tail end of the 2018/19 campaign with Rennes. But it is the current season in which Camavinga has taken Ligue 1 by storm. The all-action midfielder first grabbed the headlines back in August, putting on a sensational Man of the Match display as Rennes toppled Ligue 1 powerhouse, PSG. The France under-21 international has mustered up similarly impressive displays on numerous occasions throughout this season against the likes of Lyon and Marseille. And whilst Camavinga is a defensive midfielder by trade, the Rennes standout also possesses a superb passing range, great dribbling ability and a desire to make sharp driving runs from deep, all of which make him a nightmare for the opposition. Understandably, given Camavinga clearly possesses all the necessary qualities to eventually cement himself as one of the top midfielders in Europe, the now 17-year-old appears to have garnered interest from some high-profile clubs. Manchester United were linked with Camavinga all the way back in November of 2019. And a recent report from the Evening Standard claims that all of Liverpool, Man United and Real Madrid are reportedly keen to acquire the Frenchman’s services. However, as mentioned above, if recent comments from Rennes’ president are anything to go by, then Europe’s elite will have to wait at least another season before prying Camavinga away from Roazhon Park. Speaking to RTL recently, Nicolas Holveck stated that the project for Camavinga is to continue to progress with Rennes: “For Eduardo Camavinga, the project is to continue to progress at Stade Rennais. “The next season should be that of the consecration in Rennes for him. Very sincerely, yes, the project next season will be with Eduardo.” Camavinga has also previously spoken out over speculation surrounding his future, stating he isn’t overly interested in it, especially when he is doing well at his current club: “Honestly, I don’t focus too much on that. “Certainly, it’s nice that big clubs like the ones mentioned are interested in me, but conversely, I’m not too interested in that. Especially since I am doing well at Rennes. We’ll see what happens next, I’ll let my parents and my agents manage this. Quotes via the Evening Standard. See also: 1. FC Cologne vs RB Leipzig live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Arsenal reportedly join Chelsea & Man United in Moussa Dembele race Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.