COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is the world’s largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands. At The Coca-Cola Company you can cultivate your career in a challenging and dynamic environment. We are the largest manufacturer and distributor of nonalcoholic drinks in the world-selling more than 1 billion drinks a day. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Compovine Technologies Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. Slot : 3 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot : 3 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Rossland Group since the year 2000 provides market research and management consulting services to clients in the private and public sectors within and outside Nigeria. In 2013, it expanded the scope of its services to include Professional Background Screening and Business Brokerage. In 2015 and 2016, it added franchise consulting and recruitment services respectively. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Idmibok International, also known as 360 HSDC is a health community-based organization registered in Nigeria, that works in a targeted yet comprehensive manner to address critical health, institutional and development related issues. 360 HSDC achieves this by collaborating with global and local development and private entities, such as governments, bilateral and multilateral donors, nongovernmental organizations and the private sector. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Ascentech Services Limited is a full-fledged Human Resource Solution Provider incorporated in 2013 with its Head Office in Lagos, Nigeria. We are committed to forging long-term partnerships with our clients by creating and delivering robust and flexible services that address the changing needs of their business. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Now Hiring at Coca-Cola Company, Compovine Technologies Limited, Rossland Screening Solutions & Idmibok International – Apply Now. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.