COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Reports in Germany claim that Liverpool have made a shock enquiry for Manchester City winger Leroy Sane but have quickly hit a dead end. The surprising and highly ambitious transfer swoop for the Germany international has been confirmed by reliable journalist Christian Falk. Head of football at Sport Bild, Falk, confirmed talk that the Reds were interested in 24-year-old Sane, who has been recovering from injury this season. MAILBOX: What if Liverpool are at the end of a cycle now? Jurgen Klopp’s men apparently enquired about Sane and a potential transfer next summer, but Sane never considered the move due to the rivalry between the two teams. He also has his heart set on Bayern Munich, says Falk. Liverpool were hoping for a free-transfer switch in the summer of 2021 and agreed to match the players wages at City. The deal though will not be happening with Sane said to be keen to finally wrap up a move to Bavaria. Sane has been a top target for Bayern since last summer, but that conjecture ended in August when Sane suffered a serious knee injury in his first appearance of the season – the Community Shield against Liverpool at Wembley. True: @LFC was interested in @LeroySane19. BUT: @LeroySane19 knows that as a player from @ManCity cannot switch to @LFC . he wouldn’t do that to fans. therefore the transfer was never an option for him. moreover: @LeroySane19 only wants to go to @FCBayern https://t.co/LpGHPo7XSa — Christian Falk (@cfbayern) May 18, 2020 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Earlier this month Sport Bild reported that Bayern Munich had made a derisory €40m (£36m) offer for Sane after reportedly agreeing personal terms with the Germany man. The Bundesliga champions have approached the City forward and come to an agreement over his contract with Sane agreeing on a five-year deal. Sport Bild claims that Bayern will consider any deal under €60m (£54m) a major success, but their initial €40m (£36m) offer is well short of City’s reported €100m (£90m) valuation on the player. City paid Schalke £46.5m, including add-ons for Sane in 2016 and will not let him leave for less than that. City boss Pep Guardiola admitted in January that he would not be able to stop Sane from leaving should the German winger decide to pursue a move away from the club. “It’s a question for Leroy, his agents and the club. I’m not involved in that. “What I want is for him to come back fit. His knee looks really good and after that, honestly, it’s not of my business. It’s not in my hands.”  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Liverpool make shock enquiry for £90m Man City winger appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 