Lindii Peace Foundation (LPF) is a Non-Profit and Non-governmental Organization in Nigeria which was registered as a corporate body with the Corporate Affairs Commission on the Eleventh (11th) day of July, 2014. The foundation was formed by some eminent survivors of the Insurgency in North-east Nigeria and a few well-meaning Individuals who came together with a vision to see Nigeria a poverty free place where peace will abide and humanity can live freely in harmony. We recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Pulka, Gwoza LG BornoJob type: Fixed termContract duration: 12 months Job Responsibilities Required Qualification and Skills Application Closing Date12th June, 2020. The post Monitoring and Evaluation Officer at Lindii Peace Foundation (LPF) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Neem Foundation is a non-profit, non-governmental, peace-building and conflict prevention organisation founded as a direct response to the problem of insecurity in Nigeria. The Foundation was established in January 2016 and registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission. We are committed to improving the lives of those affected by the insurgency,… August 11, 2017 In "Jobs" (A). PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) firms help organisations and individuals create the value they’re looking for. We’re a network of firms in 158 countries with more than 236,000 people who are committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. 1. Data & Analytics Associate Click Here to Read Job Details… July 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Catholic Relief Services (CRS) is an International non-governmental organization supporting relief and development work in over 99 countries around the world. CRS programs assist person on the basis of need, regardless of creed, ethnicity or nationality works through local church and non-church partners to implement its programs, therefore, strengthening and… July 26, 2019 In "Jobs"