COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Bryan Robson thinks making Harry Maguire the Man Utd captain this season was a “good decision” from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Man Utd legend was nicknamed ‘Captain Marvel during his time at Old Trafford where he spent 13 seasons, winning two Premier League titles, three FA Cups and a European Cup Winners’ Cup. Maguire arrived at Man Utd last summer from Leicester City in a deal worth a reported £80m and has led by example since his arrival. FEATURE: Integrity of football, Kyle Walker and Souness’ inevitable fury… And Robson thinks giving Maguire the captaincy was the right decision from Solskjaer and fully deserved by the former Sheffield United centre-back. “I thought it was deserved,” Robson told Man Utd’s official podcast when asked if Maguire was the ideal captain. “Harry had done really well in the World Cup with England. He did really well with Leicester City, so when you sign a player like him in a central position, a defender or a midfield player, I think that’s where the captaincy should come from. “You’ve got to be a demanding figure for your team-mates, an organiser, and I think Harry portrayed that as soon as he came into the club. He wasn’t overawed about playing for Manchester United which was another good thing. So I think Ole’s made the right decision by giving Harry the captaincy. “Since then, off the pitch, he’s had an influence on the boys as well, about how you should be a Manchester United player and doing the commercial stuff as well as looking after yourself off the pitch. “I think he’s a top player, he’s got the right attitude to be a Manchester United captain and it’s a good decision by Ole.”  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Captain Marvel gives his blessing to Man Utd skipper Maguire appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 