COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Man Utd have urged fans to stay away from matches played behind closed doors as they start to refund ticket costs for remaining home games. The PA news agency understands Ole Gunnar Solskjaer‘s men will resume small group training on Wednesday in phase one of a planned June restart to Premier League action. But remaining matches will have to be played in front of empty stands due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, leading Man Utd to activate a refund or rebate to ticket holders for their remaining home fixtures. MEDIAWATCH: When ‘spies’ and ‘snoops’ try to stop spread of coronavirus… The Old Trafford giants have four home league matches to play and have pleaded with supporters to stay away from games upon their resumption. “We share your disappointment that you will not be able to watch United in person from within the stadium, but we would encourage you to give your continued loyal support from the comfort and safety of your home,” United said in an email to supporters. “To help with that, the Premier League and their media partners will work to deliver the very best broadcast coverage of our games. We also ask for your co-operation not to travel to any stadiums at which we are playing on matchdays. “By supporting from home and following Government guidance, you will be playing your part to keep your friends, your family and all United fans safe. “This united effort to stay at home will give us the best chance of protecting the health of everyone in our community.”  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Man Utd urge fans to stay away from behind closed doors matches appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.  Manchester United remain committed to finishing the current season but have outlined contingency ticketing arrangements should matches be played behind closed doors or even cancelled. It is likely to be a matter of when rather than if the coronavirus suspension is extended beyond the end of April and talk continues… March 27, 2020 In "Sports" Gary Neville would rather the season be delayed than games played behind closed doors, should the coronavirus outbreak stop supporters from attending Premier League and EFL games. “I do NOT support matches played behind closed doors,” the former England and Manchester United defender said on Twitter. “If it’s necessary to… March 10, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Manchester United have warned fans to stay away from matches played behind closed doors at Old Trafford if the Premier League restarts amid the coronavirus crisis. The post Man Utd urge fans to stay away if matches resume appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria and… May 19, 2020 In "News"