COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Man Utd are so keen to tie up a deal for Birmingham City youngster Jude Bellingham that they are prepared to offer him a first-team role next season, according to reports. The 16-year-old has become one of European football’s most sought-after young talents after a stunning breakthrough season in the Championship. Bellingham has chipped in with four goals and three assists this term and his performances have led to serious interest from the likes of Man Utd and Borussia Dortmund. GOSSIP: Chelsea close to Man United teen; Spurs swap shop Reports previously indicated that the youngster has been shown around United’s Carrington training complex by Sir Alex Ferguson, while Dortmund are said to have drawn up a prospective salary for the player. The Daily Mirror claimed last month that his rapid progression has even seen Sir Alex Ferguson step in to attempt to convince him to sign on the dotted line. Despite that, Dortmund were described by the publication as ‘favourites’ to land Bellingham, though they will face a stern test in attempting to hold off the advances of Man Utd. And now the Evening Standard say that Man Utd have told Bellingham they think he can ‘immediately challenge for a first-team place’ at Old Trafford if he signs for the club. The report adds: ‘At a potential cost of around £30million he will be the highest-profile recruit of an aggressive drive to land the best emerging talent from across the globe. ‘It is a strategy that pre-dates Solskjaer – but one that dovetails perfectly with a manager committed to creating a pathway from the academy to the seniors.’  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Man Utd make huge promise as they try to guarantee £30m transfer appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 