COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Senator Ibrahim Hadejia representing Jigawa North Senatorial District has refuted the claim that fasting, one of the pillars of Islam, was responsible for the deaths recently recorded in Jigawa State. Hadejia said he was quoted out of context when he explained that the over 100 figure deaths as a result of the dreaded coronavirus credited to it by National Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, was not true. According to Hadejia, the actual deaths in the state were not 100 but just about 45. “Even at that, the deaths have nothing to do with coronavirus”, he said. “Virtually all the dead are of old age. And this is because of the excess heat we are presently experiencing in the state. “There is also malaria that is rampant in the area. Fasting has little consequence to the death toll.
“They have been used to fasting since their teenage days. “The most important elements in the deaths recorded so far is principally old age.
“Old age comes with health challenges. “So it is a lot easier in that circumstance of serious heat and malaria during the lockdown where you are not accessible to medical care to record such a high figure of deaths”. Vanguard The post Jigawa killings: Senator Hadejia refutes fasting claim appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): MYSTERY DEATHS IN JIGAWA: Fasting, malaria, heat killing my people, not COVID-19 — Senator Hadeija By Olalekan Bilesanmi Senator Ibrahim Hassan Hadejia represents Jigawa North in the Senate. In this interview, Hadejia dismisses reports that coronavirus killed 100 people in his senatorial district and speaks on the ‘deportation’… May 10, 2020 In "News" Hadejia—Jigawa State government has debunked media reported attack on Governor Muhammad Abubakar,  some national and state lawmakers among other functionaries of the state at Hadejia Town. A statement by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor of Jigawa State on Media, Auwal Sankara, insisted that though the governor and others… March 6, 2020 In "News" <p class="">As the general elections draw closer, gale of defection hits Jigawa polity, investigation by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has revealed.</p> <h1>The investigation revealed that a number of Political heavy weights have recently defected from Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the ruling All progressives Congress (APC).</h1> <p class="">The… January 18, 2019 In "News"