COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Denna Rossi Limited is a Fast Moving Consumer Goods company (FMCG) who are into the production of a variety of healthy products, fruits and still soft drinks that are quality assured to the Nigeria market. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 5th June, 2020. The post Fresh Job Recruitment at Denna Rossi Limited (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. WTS Energy – Due to steady growth and expansion, our client seeks to employ competent career minded individuals to join a well-established team within the capacities below: 1. Fluid Pump Operator Location: Unspecified. Deadline: Not Specified Click Here To View Details   2. Captain Location: Unspecified. Deadline: Not Specified Click Here to… July 22, 2019 In "Jobs" Ascentech Services Limited is a full-fledged Human Resource Solution Provider incorporated in 2013 with its Head Office in Lagos, Nigeria. We are committed to forging long-term partnerships with our clients by creating and delivering robust and flexible services that address the changing needs of their business. We are recruiting to… March 23, 2020 In "Gists" Ascentech Services Limited is a full-fledged Human Resource Solution Provider incorporated in 2013 with its Head Office in Lagos, Nigeria. We are committed to forging long-term partnerships with our clients by creating and delivering robust and flexible services that address the changing needs of their business. We are recruiting to… November 12, 2019 In "Gists"