COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 KALIDOU DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
Jurgen Klopp once described his signing as “incredible”, but it seems that he could be about to sell the centre-half. Liverpool have to make way for Kalidou Koulibaly, after all. ‘The first contacts have already been made,’ if TuttoMercatoWeb are to be believed. And they probably aren’t. But they do say Napoli have decided to sell their ‘jewel’ due to financial pressures posed by the global pandemic. They are currently sixth in Serie A and face the prospect of losing all that sweet Champions League money next season, with no viable argument as to why they should qualify ahead of Atalanta or Lazio. Koulibaly is one of their most valuable assets, with a slew of teams interested, so could be sacrificed. Klopp wants to form ‘an explosive couple’ at the heart of his Liverpool defence, which is where Matip comes in. He would either be sold or ‘downgraded to the very first reserve,’ with the first option suggested as ‘more likely’. Matip is 28 and has more than four years on his Liverpool contract. That would not be a low fee. Napoli have reportedly dropped Koulibaly’s price to £70m. Are we still to pretend such deals will be commonplace this summer? JACK IT IN
One club that does not want Koulibaly is Manchester United. That has already been made clear. But it seems as though they have their transfer priorities in order. With Leicester ‘confident’ that no-one can afford James Maddison in the current climate, he ‘expects to stay’ at least until next season. The Manchester Evening News therefore say Jack Grealish is United’s primary target for that creative midfield role. Maddison would cost around £80m and Grealish, perhaps depending upon Aston Villa’s Premier League fate, could be a fair bit cheaper. No fee is mentioned – £60m seems to be the accepted price – but they absolutely will not be signing both. TOSSED SALADS AND SCRAMBLED EGGS
That £15m bid United made in January to sign Ryan Fraser will be the final chance Bournemouth had of securing any money for the winger. His contract expires in the summer and many a team has had their interest piqued. Among them is Tottenham, who Football Insider say are now leading this particular race. Fraser ‘is eager to join a Champions League calibre club and Spurs would interest him’. Are those two points related? The Scotland international ‘has told friends’ that Tottenham would be a tempting proposition if the move was to materialise. Jose Mourinho would bloody love him. AND THE REST
Real Madrid and Barcelona have joined the race to sign Borussia Dortmund and England winger Jadon Sancho. Manchester United are also keen on the 20-year-old… Arsenal face competition from AC Milan to sign Real Betis and France midfielder Nabil Fekir, 26… Bayern Munich are only willing to pay £60m for Manchester City and Germany winger Leroy Sane, 24… Barcelona will not sell Brazil winger Philippe Coutinho for less than 100m euros (£87m). Chelsea have been linked with the 27-year-old… Inter Milan are keen to make Victor Moses’ loan deal permanent but want Chelsea to drop their 12m euros (£10m) asking price for the 29-year Nigeria winger… Manchester United will reject any bids for English goalkeeper Dean Henderson during the next transfer window. The 23-year-old is currently on loan at Sheffield United. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Gossip: Klopp to sell ‘incredible’ star and make £70m signing appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Liverpool legend Phil Thompson reckons Jurgen Klopp should prioritise two positions in the next transfer window, while he doubts Philippe Coutinho will ever return to Anfield. Liverpool have been linked with re-signing the Brazilian playmaker, who has spent the season on loan at Bayern Munich from Barcelona. Coutinho had to endure… March 16, 2020 In "Sports" Ace of clubs If guilty – and that looks increasingly likely – Jack Grealish has handed the tabloid press an absolute gift with his ridiculous and dangerous antics at the weekend. He is an ‘ace’, you see. And anything an ‘ace’ does is massive news. ‘COVIDIOT’ is a cracking headline… March 30, 2020 In "Sports" Paul Merson believes Liverpool “need” the “safety net in terms of goals” that Arsenal striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang would provide. Liverpool have apparently made their interest in Arsenal striker Aubameyang known, while Manchester United are also considering making a move. The 30-year-old has little over a year left on his contract… March 21, 2020 In "Sports"