COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 The Kwara State Comprehensive Agricultural Master Plan will be ready soon to guide the Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq administration’s policy direction on agriculture as the world prepares for post-COVID-19 economy. Adenike Afolabi-Oshatimehin, commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development made this known while speaking on the side-line of the just concluded 2020 budget review session. Afola-Oshatimehin says the master plan would capture various engagements the state has had with stakeholders in the sector and experiences from other climes. “The plan is to utilise the heavily untapped agricultural potentials in Kwara as a major instrument to stimulate economic growth, create massive decent jobs among youth and women, accelerate rural development and ensure food security in the state between 2020 and 2025,” she said in a statement. She stated that the master plan will revolutionise the sector, create thousands of jobs for the people, and develop the grassroots. “Though delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Kwara State Agricultural Master-plan would be available soon. It is going to be a robust data-based plan that gives clear developmental roadmap for various aspects of agriculture in the state,” she said. “The focus of the master plan includes; improved/mechanised crop farming across the state through well-galvanised out-grower schemes leveraging on cooperation with existing and new farmers (smallholder and commercial farmers), energetic youth populace and rural women across the states.” Others are appreciable investments in livestock and fishery which are already a critical part of the National Livestock Transformation Plan which Kwara is tapping into, the commissioner said. She added that agro-processing zones, revamp of moribund agro-processing factories and opening up of new agro-processing companies by harnessing of various national, regional, and global funds initiatives and partnership with the private sector will also be included in the plan. Similarly, access to market for locally produced agro-commodities through – local content policies to ensure Kwarans patronise agro-commodities produced in Kwara; and inter-state market partnership and export to global communities through bilateral trade partnerships with multinational food processing companies, global trade broking companies and governments will be the focus of the plan. She stated that access to Finance for farmers and agro-processors in the state; and partnership with local and global financiers/financial institutions to ensure aggressive funding for agriculture in Kwara will be focused on in the plan. The commissioner explained that the crafting of the Kwara State Agricultural Master plan is being fast-tracked, describing it as a game-changer to achieve food security, improve living standard, enhance rural development, and other economic benefits for the state. Source: Business Day Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. A call has gone to the Federal Government of Nigeria to increase its investments in agriculture to meet the country’s increasing population growth. The call was made by the United States Consulate General, John Bray, represented by the Regional Agricultural Counselor in the Embassy, Jude Akhidenor, at the African Food… May 29, 2018 In "News" *** Fund to Provide Finance to Support Agricultural Development in Nigeria *** As Bill Scales Second Reading in the Senate Nigeria Senate By Henry Umoru ABUJA- MOVES by the Senate to establish the National Agricultural Development Fund to provide finance to support strategic aspect of agricultural development in Nigeria. The… March 4, 2020 In "News" Ecobank Nigeria has announced an Agriculture Businesses Finance Scheme where it plans to disburse additional loan of N70 Billion for practitioners in different value chains of Agriculture within the next two years. This announcement is coming just as the bank is set to organise Nigeria’s Biggest Agribusiness And Food Summit… January 11, 2020 In "News"