The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance to the least developed countries. It promotes technical and investment cooperation among nations. Headquartered in New York City, the status of UNDP is that of an executive board within the United Nations General Assembly. The UNDP is funded entirely by voluntary contributions from UN member states. The organization operates in 177 countries, where it works with local governments to meet development challenges and develop local capacity. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job ID: 30200Location: LagosPractice Area – Job Family: Management – Solutions MappingGrade: NOBVacancy Type: FTA LocalPosting Type: Common SystemContract Duration: 1 Year with possibility for extension BackgroundThe UNDP Strategic Plan embraces the complexity of development and commits the organization to helping countries find faster, more durable solutions to achieve Agenda 2030. Important development trends like urbanization, climate change, and rising inequalities pose significant challenges on our path to achieve the 2030 agenda of achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). UNDP has begun incubating a number of strategic initiatives aimed at ensuring UNDP is ‘fit for purpose’ to deliver a new generation of solutions in line with the challenges the world faces.  One such key strategic initiatives is the UNDP Accelerator Lab Network which operates as part of UNDP’s sustainable development offering. US: The Accelerator Labs will be comprised of a core team with niche capabilities that focus on exploration, experimentation and grassroots innovation. Within the first 6-8 months of the Lab fully functioning, each member of the Core team will take the lead on one of the following functions: The Core team of the Accelerator lab will have capabilities in: You: Duties and ResponsibilitiesLead lab efforts in deep community immersion, collective intelligence and solutions mapping: Convene the processes of solution intake, assessment and designing prototypes for diffusion: Working out loud and Organizational Learning: Advocacy, Organizational learning and interface with the core business of UNDP: Competencies CoreInnovation: Leadership: People Management: Communication: Delivery: Technical / FunctionalInnovation: Required Skills and ExperienceEducation: OR: Experience: Experience in following areas is desirable but not necessary: Language Requirements: Application Closing Date2nd June, 2020. The post Head of Solutions Mapping at the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.