COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva has reminded new Man Utd man Bruno Fernandes that “he still has to eat a lot of soup” before he can win a Premier League title. The Portugal international made a huge impact for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side after signing in January and was voted the Premier League player of the month for February. Fernandes helped Man Utd to an 11-game unbeaten run in all competitions before the season was suspended due to the coronavirus pandemic. GOSSIP: Man Utd reignite interest in £37m Bayern man; huge Liverpool blow The 25-year-old won his first match against Man City since his move to the Premier League in March with goals from Anthony Martial and Scott McTominay giving Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men a 2-0 win. Despite that win, Fernandes’ compatriot Silva has reminded him that he has a long way to go if he wants to lift titles with Man Utd in England. Speaking on Portuguese TV show 5 Para a Meia-Noite, Silva said: “I went to Troia with some friends and it was a lot of fun. We ran, played tennis. Now I’ve been here in Manchester for 10 days and I’m sick of it. “I spoke to [Fernandes] about three days ago. He’s winning 1-0 in the games between us here, but he still has to eat a lot of soup to reach the titles.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Silva reminds Fernandes to ‘eat a lot of soup’ in Man Utd title jibe appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Man Utd midfielder Bruno Fernandes has described himself as a “warrior” and says he views every match as a battle. The Portugal international made a huge impact for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side after signing in January and was voted the Premier League player of the month for February.… May 4, 2020 In "Sports" Former midfielder Darren Fletcher expects Manchester United to win the Premier League title in “two or three years”. The Red Devils have not lifted the Premier League title since 2013, the year Sir Alex Ferguson left Old Trafford. Man Utd have had a mixed season with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men… March 11, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): FIFA have launched an investigation into Bruno Fernandes’ transfer from Sporting Lisbon to Man Utd after a complaint from former club Sampdoria. Sampdoria have made a complaint that they are still owed money from a sell-on clause they inserted into his contract when he left Italy in 2007… May 7, 2020 In "News"