COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Gary Neville claims former Man Utd team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo came back from the 2006 World Cup a different player with “fire in his belly”. The Red Devils signed Ronaldo from Sporting Lisbon for £12.25m in 2003 and the Portugal international enjoyed six successful years at Old Trafford before moving on to Real Madrid in 2009. Now at Juventus, Ronaldo has amassed an incredible array of team and individual honours, including five Champions League titles and five Ballon d’Ors. FEATURE: Ranking Premier League clubs for June injury returns Neville told The Football Show on Sky Sports: “He was incredibly driven. I knew him more professionally than personally but his drive was out of this world. “He was one of the few players that would announce that individual trophies were important to him. Most would say the team is more important but he would say ‘I want to be the best player in the world because in turn it would help my team’. He wanted to be the very, very best in the world and what he’s done over many years is exceptional. “It’s an obsession with scoring goals, applying himself every day, being the fittest he could be. He’s lifted his standards every year. I’ve got no doubt he will want to continue playing and overtake Pele’s numbers. He wants to be the greatest of all time and understanding along the way that the teams he plays in will be successful. “In that 2006-07 season. He was breathtaking. He had fire in his belly, hunger. It went from wanting to give up on him in those first few years to when it started to happen after the 2006 World Cup. “When you look at the season it was when all the negative aspects of his game just disappeared. When a player starts getting 30 goals and 15 or 20 assists you can put up with anything from them. It was match after match after match and in a two-year period I’ve never seen anything like it on a pitch at Old Trafford. “It’s very rare you can say you’ve had the best player in the world bar none and I think we did that season. Sir Alex and Carlos Queiroz both championed him and believed in him. He came back from the 2006 World Cup and his maturity had changed. His appearance and physical attributes completely changed overnight. “He was scrawny, wiry and not very strong and then all of a sudden he was a supper middleweight boxer. He was incredible from a strength point of view and the ability to leap, change direction, everything fell into place. From that moment on you knew he was going to be really special.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Neville pinpoints ‘moment he knew’ Ronaldo was going to be ‘special’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Gary Neville has revealed that the English weather was a “big problem” for Cristiano Ronaldo as he chose to leave Manchester United for Real Madrid. The Portugal international completed a world-record move for £80m to Real in 2009 after scoring 118 goals in 292 appearances at Old Trafford with 68… April 2, 2020 In "Sports" Gary Neville says Dwight Yorke and Andrew Cole formed the best strike partnership during his time at Manchester United. Neville played with brilliant strikers throughout his time at Old Trafford. The right-back shared the field with Ruud van Nistelrooy, Wayne Rooney, Cristiano Ronaldo, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Eric Cantona and Teddy Sheringham.… March 24, 2020 In "Sports" Mohamed Salah is using Liverpool as a “stepping stone” as he looks to reach the “pinnacle” of football at Real Madrid or Barcelona, according to Gary Neville. The Egyptian has scored 90 goals in 140 appearances since joining Liverpool from Roma back in 2017. Liverpool are defending Champions League title… February 25, 2020 In "Sports"