COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 E Kelly – Confetti ft. Boybreed & Minz High-profile music producer, E Kelly has released a brand new single titled, “Confetti” featuring talented duo, Boybreed alongside Minz. “Confetti” serves as the beatmaker’s second output for 2020, it is housed under his forthcoming project, a 5-track extended play tagged “No Secrets” which will be officially out in the coming days. SEE ALSO: E Kelly ft. Boybreed – No Secrets The record was produced by E Kelly himself, Minz and the duo, Boybreed had to do the finishing touches with their sultry vocals. Check it out and share your thoughts below. GET IT ON DIGITAL STORES Money for your head dey fall like confetti Na only you dey you no get competi Me and you suppose dey gum body Ginger yourself i’m ready to spend money The post E Kelly – Confetti ft. Boybreed & Minz appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): E Kelly releases a new single titled “Confetti” featuring Boybreed and Minz to whet our appetite while we anticipate his debut EP. E Kelly x Boybreed x Minz – “Confetti“…. Nigerian producer E Kelly, known for his work behind the boards for Mr Eazi, Wizkid and Major Lazer,… May 1, 2020 In "Music/Video" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Nigerian producer, E Kelly, known for his work behind the boards for Mr Eazi, Wizkid and Major Lazer, will release his debut project, “No Secrets“, on May 8. The five-song EP blends E Kelly’s signature sound — an airy, mellowed-out spin on Afropop — with vocals from Mr… May 1, 2020 In "Entertainment" E-Kelly – No Secrets ft. Boybreed Overview of E-Kelly – No Secrets ft. Boybreed Ace music producer, E-Kelly has released a brand new single titled “No Secrets” featuring talented duo, Boybreed. “No Secrets” is housed under his forthcoming project scheduled to drop later this year. It serves as his first… February 28, 2020 In "Music/Video"