COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Ten individuals connected to clubs in the top two divisions of German football have tested positive for coronavirus. The German Football League (DFL) said 1,724 tests had been conducted on players and staff at the 36 first and second tier sides since last Thursday, who are building towards a return to action this month subject to government approval. The DFL said the 10 individuals had been isolated and that a second round of testing on all participants would take place this week as clubs build towards a return to team training. FEATURE: Exclusive player prediction: ‘Back in September with crowds’ A decision on whether the DFL’s plans meet with government approval is expected on Wednesday, with the Bundesliga now not likely to resume until May 16 at the earliest. In Spain, the national federation (RFEF) says it shares the desire of 2020 Copa del Rey finalists Athletic Bilbao and Real Sociedad to delay the final until such a time as it can be safely played in front of a crowd. The RFEF said it would look at an “appropriate time” for the game to be played either later this year or in 2021, provided it was played in advance of the 2021 Copa del Rey final. Former Watford striker Marvin Sordell says players in England should be given the right to refuse to play amid the coronavirus pandemic. He told the PA news agency: “You have to respect people’s opinions in this. Many will say they earn a lot of money so they should just go and play. “This virus at times is a matter of life and death and any game of football – regardless of the famous saying – football isn’t more than life or death. “I think people’s own situations need to be respected. If they want to play, and it’s safe to do so, then allow them to play. If they don’t want to play because they don’t think it’s safe to do so, I think that needs to be respected.” The Ligue de Football Professionnel in France says it has taken out a loan in order to pay clubs in the top two tiers the broadcasting revenue they were due to receive for the remainder of the 2019-20 season. The French season has been forced to conclude by a government order, with Paris St Germain declared champions. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Ten positive coronavirus tests among German FL players and staff appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Cologne have announced three people at the club have tested positive for coronavirus – yet training will continue ahead of the Bundesliga’s return. The German top flight looks set to become the first major league to return to action as the world continues to deal with the Covid-19… May 2, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The Bundesliga hopes to get the go-ahead from the German government to resume in May, yet a debate is raging as to whether there will be enough testing available for the coronavirus to keep players safe. League football was suspended in mid-March in Germany until at least April… April 17, 2020 In "News" Bundesliga clubs were allowed to return to team training on Monday, with some opting to train players in small groups amid strict measures to contain the spread of the coronavirus. Soccer, in the country, has been suspended for almost a month and the German Football League (DFL) has said the… April 6, 2020 In "News"