COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 FORMER General Secretary of the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas, NUPENG and elder statesman, Chief Frank Kokori, has lamented the continued attacks by suspected armed herdsmen in parts of Delta State, saying that the state was fast becoming an epicentre of herdsmen in the South-South region of the country. Kokori who is also a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, called on Governor Ifeanyi Okowa to leave up to expectation by ensuring that the lives of all Deltans count. He said: “This is a siege on Delta State and I am calling on the governor and his people, executive, to tackle this matter seriously because the people are starting to lose confidence in the ability of the government to protect them which is one of the cardinal objectives of a government. “They should not make Delta State the epicentre of herdsmen menace in the South-South  that cannot be controlled. “As an elder statesman, I am saddened because every day, herdsmen are marauding the length and breadth of the state and the state is fast becoming the epicentre of herdsmen killings and kidnappings in the entire South-South.’’ Vanguard The post Delta is fast becoming epicentre of herdsmen attacks in S-South — Kokori appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Nigeria Map Perez Brisibe – Ughelli Former General Secretary of the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas, NUPENG, and elder statesman, Chief Frank Kokori, has lamented the continued attacks by suspected armed herdsmen in parts of Delta State stating that the state is fast becoming an epicenter… May 11, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Directs Area Commander, DPO to disarm disbanded vigilante members The Nigerian Police By Festus Ahon – Asaba Delta State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Hafiz Inuwa has waded into the communal crisis rocking Evwreni Kingdom in Ughelli North Local Government Area of the State over the disbandment of the… May 11, 2020 In "News" Members of Idjerhe Youth Council, IYC, in Ethiope West Local Government Area of Delta State have advised President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, all elected leaders from the Urhobo land (Delta Central), including Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, to urgently call on killer herdsmen to relocate from their ancestral land. In a… February 26, 2020 In "News"