COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Man United have identified Rabbi Matondo ‘as a more cost-efficient option’ to first-choice target Jadon Sancho. Reports emerged last week suggesting that Man United could hold off on trying to sign Sancho until next season as a result of the global pandemic and how negatively a likely £100m signing would be ‘viewed by society’. It has now been claimed that fellow Manchester City alumnus Matondo is on the club’s radar. The Manchester Evening News claim that Man United ‘have been scouting’ the teenager and consider him ‘a possible back-up’ to Sancho. Schalke signed Matondo to a four-year contract last summer, and had handed the £11m purchase a total of eight Bundesliga starts before the league was temporarily suspended. Having impressed in Germany, he is now considered by Man United to be ‘in the same ‘low-risk buy’ bracket’ as Daniel James was when he was bought from Swansea for £15m. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has also received ‘glowing scouting reports’ from Wales manager Ryan Giggs, who has regularly selected Matondo for the national team, while Schalke ‘are expected to sell first-team players’ this summer. That contrasts with the stance Dortmund have taken over Sancho, and Matondo is certainly far cheaper than the other alternative Man United were supposed to have identified last month. The Wales winger also fits United’s ethos of young, British and hungry talents that can be moulded to suit the team’s style. For what it’s worth, Giggs also seems to have been behind reports of £20m interest in Swansea defender Joe Rodon from Old Trafford. The Man United legend was referred to as a ‘secret agent’ who had offered ‘advice’ to the club, suggesting that Matondo has been targeted for a similar reason. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Man United identify shock ‘cost-efficient’ Sancho alternative appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 