COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 notjustOk Presents: M.I Abaga VS Naeto C | This Friday, May 22 | #NotjustokVS It’s no secret that we’re in the Covid-19 era. Everything and everyone is affected in some way, shape or form. As we stay home, we’ve had to find ways to keep ourselves sane; be it via Netflix, Video calls (Houseparty/Zoom), Tory Lanez‘s Quarantine Radio, or being more active on Social Media. I, personally, have played my role in “gingering” Instagram Live battles between Nigerian producers e.g Sarz VS Shizzi, Masterkraft VS Pheelz, E Kelly VS DJ Coublon, and more. In truth, the IG battles didn’t start with us. Swizz Beatz & Timbaland have had “Verzuz” going all Covid season, where American greats get to pit their catalogs against each other, with my fave so far being T-Pain VS Lil Jon. We at notjustOk.com have decided to take things in a slightly different direction – inspired the good folks at There’s No Signal – by hosting our own “battles” tagged #NotjustokVS. #NotjustokVS, while it carries the “battle” tag, is more of a celebration of our African superstars and their amazing catalogues. To kickstart #NotjustokVS, we’ve decided to go with the 2 rappers who truly revolutionized new-age Nigerian Hip-Hop: M.I Abaga and Naeto C. In the era of Mo’hits, 2face, 9ice, Psquare, and other mainstream/pop stars, M.I Abaga and Naeto C came into the game and took Hip-Hop mainstream. They made listening to Nigerian rap music look cool home and abroad, and enjoyed unprecedented commercial success. Respect to the 2 G.O.A.Ts. For Team M.I, we have @demola on deck. For Team Naeto, we have @OvieO on deck. Date: This Friday, May 22. Time: 9pm (Naija Time), 4pm ET. How To Listen Live: notjustok.com/radio YouTube: Notjustok TV (Subscribe) How To Participate: Be a part of the conversation on social media using the hashtag #NotjustokVS. After each round, voting polls will be open for TEN (10) minutes only! You can only vote on our official twitter page: @NOTJUSTOK. See you guys on Friday! The post notjustOk Presents: M.I Abaga VS Naeto C | This Friday, May 22 | #NotjustokVS appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Vector vs M.I The diss between M.I Abaga and Vector has taken another turn and this time, it seems to be for the better because there’s now money involved. A 40 million naira bet has now been placed for M.I and Vector to take their diss on stage and make… October 18, 2019 In "Music/Video" Since releasing his controversial ‘You Rappers Should Fix Up Your Lives’ track, rapper M.I Abaga has been the target of many hiphop heads, music analysts and pop culture enthusiasts. Some of his colleagues have thrown subtle shots and of course, while some have used the furore surrounding the song to… November 10, 2017 In "News" Vector vs M.I The beef between M.I and Vector seems to have no end. At this point, it is still brewing and might not simmer down anytime soon. You’d have thought that the latest development concerning the beef is A-Q‘s response to Vector‘s Judas The Rat, which he aptly titled… October 18, 2019 In "Music/Video"