COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Winelight Analytical Systems Ltd was incorporated on August 23, 1993 RRC: 229.847 to carry out the business of Laboratory equipment, sale, installations, repairs and maintenance. The establishment of Winelight Analytical Systems Ltd came as a result of disinvestements of Messrs. Philips BV of Holland in Unicam Ltd. of Cambridge U.K Mr. Tobi Oduyale, Ma… Professional roles required of a Driver valid drivers license at least 3yrs experience – Professional roles requested of MD’s Secretary Closing Deadline: Not specified The post Driver & MD’s Secretary at WineLight Analytical Systems Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Royalsec is a Limited Liability Company, inevitably one of the notable Industrial Security Organizations in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Customer Relation Officer Location: Lagos Key Purpose of Job Effectively drive SOTIF (Safety, On-time delivery/departure and In-full) of customer products through the operational value chain and ensure a friendly and… January 24, 2020 In "Gists" AgroMall Discovery and Extension Services Limited is at the intersection of digitised agricultural production support, digitised agricultural extension and digital financial services. We integrate agricultural economics, agronomy and quality control with financial services on our digital platforms turning them into powerful tools in the hands of our agents and farmers… December 12, 2019 In "Gists" Trinity Systems Limited – As a leading Nigerian Medical Supplier, we are striving to build on our strong foundation by offering a broad range of medical supplies to home users, medical professionals, allied health professionals and medical students, State and Federal Government throughout Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job… February 19, 2020 In "Gists"