COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Watford defender Christian Kabasele says restarting the Premier League on June 12 would be “impossible” because it would put players at risk of injury. Premier League chiefs have set their sights on a mid-June resumption and clubs went back to training in small groups this week. But Kabasele believes the timescale means players will not have enough time to get to peak fitness. “We speak about June 12,” he told the Counter Attack podcast. “I think it is impossible because it would be less than three weeks’ training after a long period without doing anything. It’s a risk for us. “I’m not sure, I don’t have any information but I think we are not going to start June 12. “The most obvious choice for me is the end of June. Like this you have at least four weeks to train with the team if it’s possible.” Premier League chief executive Richard Masters this week described the June 12 date as a “staging post” and said there would be flexibility in fixture scheduling. Watford defender Adrian Mariappa and two members of the club’s staff tested positive for the coronavirus, while Hornets captain Troy Deeney refused to train because of fears over his family’s health. Kabasele said he understood why Deeney had opted to stay away, a decision that Chelsea midfielder N’Golo Kante has also taken. Kabasele said the club were not putting pressure on players to return. “If it was starting tomorrow training 11 v 11 with contact, with everybody at the training ground, I would not go that’s for sure,” he said. “But with phase one, personally I think everything is put in place and they have tried to make the training ground as safe as possible.” The English Football League will announce the first results from virus tests among Championship players on Sunday. Second-tier clubs have carried out the tests this week ahead of their return to small-group training from Monday. VANGUARD The post Watford’s Kabasele calls June 12 Premier League return ‘impossible’ appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): More than 50 Premier League players are planning to revolt against plans to restart the season, according to reports. A source from one club told The Mirror “two or three” players from every team have major reservations about getting the top flight season back under way in June.… May 10, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The president of Spain’s La Liga on Sunday said he hopes the tournament can resume on June 12 but that their hands are tied by government health policy. Javier Tebas was speaking just hours after five players from Spain’s top two leagues had tested positive for coronavirus. He… May 11, 2020 In "News" Southampton chief executive Martin Semmens insists everyone is hopeful of completing the Premier League season by the end of June, but stressed no one can be sure when football in this country will resume. English football is currently suspended until April 30 due to the coronavirus pandemic, with the decision… March 22, 2020 In "Sports"