COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin believes most European leagues will be able to finish the season. The German Bundesliga is the first major league to resume following the coronavirus pandemic while plans are afoot for June resumptions in Spain, Italy and England. France and Holland are the two major leagues who have opted to cancel their seasons. FEATURE: Five more steps towards football reform: transfers and… UEFA has a plan in place, wanting to end the 2019/20 campaign with the Champions League final at the end of August, and Ceferin thinks that will be possible. “We have a concrete plan of finishing the European season,” he told beIN Sports. “Of course, this summer we will have to play without spectators at the stadiums. “I think the majority of leagues will finish the season. The ones who will not, it’s their decision. But they will still have to play qualifiers if they want to participate in the European UEFA competition. “I can say that the European season will be finished, if everything is as it is now, in August. As things look now, I’m sure… that we can finish the European season and this means UEFA competition. “The national leagues are a separate thing and they will decide separately how they want to proceed. But I think at least 80 per cent will finish the season.” Ceferin hailed the German league and Government for their organisation of the Bundesliga’s resumption. Play in Germany started on Saturday behind closed doors and appears to have been a success. “We trust Germans, their authorities are very serious… It’s not only about football,” Ceferin said. “It’s about people being depressed because we are locked down, because there is so much uncertainty, and football brings life to a usual level. “Football brings positive energy. It’s easier to be home if you can watch sports! “So I think it’s a great [example of] cooperation between the German league and the German government. I hope, and think, they will be very successful.”  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post UEFA president Ceferin: ‘Majority of leagues will finish the season’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 