COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Liverpool, Manchester United, Thomas Partey, Mike Dean and more feature in the latest Football365 Isolation Show. It is the one question everyone wants answered, the conundrum Sir Keir Starmer must feel compelled to ask Boris Johnson in the next House of Commons debate, the quandary that Piers Morgan, Philip Schofield and the entire panel of Loose Women have deliberated over for months on end. Just what do Liverpool and Manchester United need this summer? The Football365 Isolation Show finds itself with a bit more free time than usual and so host Mark Smith and deputy editor Matt Stead thought they’d weigh in and join the literal billions of videos, podcasts and other assorted media dominated by relatively young white men to finally have their say, the poor, under-represented pair. Their first point of call is inspired by Roode, MUFC – Manchester United’s favourite son with that phonetic name – who wonders what more Ole Gunnar Solskjaer needs to do to be appreciated more widely at Old Trafford. It turns out the man is just a buffer who won’t be there in a couple of years because he is a Norwegian Kenny Dalglish. And while Jadon Sancho could be a handy signing, Mark and Matt ponder whether he really could help reinvent the wheel for Liverpool. Do the pair agree on which forward Liverpool should look to replace first? They both clearly love Roberto Firmino, but should it be Sadio Mane or Mo Salah who makes way for Jurgen Klopp’s bunch of cloggers? Also on the agenda: what Manchester City need, the one reason why Arsenal absolutely have to sign Thomas Partey, having regular chats with Eden Hazard, and why Mike Dean’s post-match reports must be published when football returns. So join Mark and Matt, give us a subscribe and a Brendan Rodgers-style thumbs-up, and waste spend about 20 minutes of your life wisely by watching the latest Football365 Isolation Show. If you fancy getting in touch with some new topics for future shows – we’ll be doing one a week to keep us sane – then get in touch on Twitter or email at theeditor@football365.com. The post Liverpool and Manchester United…what do they need? appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Paul Merson believes Liverpool “need” the “safety net in terms of goals” that Arsenal striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang would provide. Liverpool have apparently made their interest in Arsenal striker Aubameyang known, while Manchester United are also considering making a move. The 30-year-old has little over a year left on his contract… March 21, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Bojan has suggested that Barcelona should target Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino instead of Lautaro Martinez. Martinez has emerged as Barcelona’s primary transfer goal this summer, but Inter Milan’s valauation of roughly £100m has proved prohibitive. The forward is thought to have been offered lucrative contracts by Manchester United… May 9, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Gary Neville has picked out two reasons he is increasingly “confident” that Man Utd could challenge for the Premier League title next season. The Red Devils currently sit in fifth position in the Premier League table, a huge 37 points behind leaders Liverpool, with nine matches to play… May 8, 2020 In "Sports"