COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Liverpool could hand Sadio Mane a new contract at Anfield to keep him out the clutches of Real Madrid, according to reports. Mane, who moved to Anfield in the summer of 2016, has become irreplaceable in Jurgen Klopp‘s team having scored 77 goals in 161 appearances for the Reds. Indeed, his stock has risen immensely in the past two seasons, when he has helped fire Liverpool to Champions League glory and come up with several match-winning contributions. GOSSIP: Liverpool bid ‘aggressively’ for £43m Brazilian; Klopp eyes shock move Such performances have reportedly led to interest from Real Madrid, who have been uninspiring in their efforts to replace Cristiano Ronaldo. However, according to Football Insider, Liverpool are weighing up ending any further interest in Senegal international Mane by handing him a ‘blockbuster new contract’. The winger’s current terms – extended in November 2018 – expire in the summer of 2023, by which point Mane would have turned 31. Therefore, it is said that Liverpool believe another extension will put paid to Madrid’s hopes of landing the player on a big-money move. Madrid signed Luka Jovic and Eden Hazard last summer but both have been blighted with injuries, with former Chelsea man Hazard suffering two ankle problems. Jovic has also struggled and Madrid announced recently that the former Eintracht Frankfurt striker has injured his foot amid the shutdown of football across Europe. Mane, meanwhile, has been a virtual ever-present for Liverpool and has only missed two games all season due to a slight hamstring injury. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Liverpool plan to offer Mane ‘blockbuster’ new deal to ward off Real appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Real Madrid are reportedly willing to offer Spanish international Marco Asensio in their bid to sign Liverpool forward Sadio Mane this summer. According to a report by Express, Real Madrid believe they have an ace up their sleeves as they look to sign Sadio Mane in this summer’s transfer window. The… July 1, 2019 In "News" Liverpool could make an offer to bring Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling back to Anfield, according to reports in France. The England international left the Reds in 2015 for a fee potentially rising to £49m after failing to win a trophy in three years at Liverpool. Since moving to City,… March 31, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool chiefs are confused about rumours linking Sadio Mane with a move away from Anfield, while any transfer for Manchester City’s Raheem Sterling is off the table, according to reports. A report in the Daily Express on Monday claimed that Real Madrid are ready to spend £140m on Mane as their preferred… April 2, 2020 In "Sports"