COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Premier League sides have agreed to step one of the return to training protocols which will see them return to “small-group training from tomorrow afternoon”. English football has been suspended since mid-March due to the coronavirus pandemic, but ‘Project Restart’ is under way and shareholders have discussed the next steps at a conference call on Monday. The focus of the meeting was the vote on Premier League clubs’ return to training this week, starting with phase one of socially-distanced, small-group sessions.’ JOHNNY NIC: Ghost games will lead to one of three scenarios… A statement from the Premier League said on Monday: “Premier League Shareholders today voted unanimously to return to small-group training from tomorrow afternoon, the first step towards restarting the Premier League, when safe to do so. “Step One of the Return to Training Protocol enables squads to train while maintaining social distancing. Contact training is not yet permitted. “This first stage has been agreed in consultation with players, managers, Premier League club doctors, independent experts and the Government. “Strict medical protocols of the highest standard will ensure everyone returns to training in the safest environment possible. “The health and wellbeing of all participants is the Premier League’s priority, and the safe return to training is a step-by-step process. “Full consultation will now continue with players, managers, clubs, the PFA and LMA as protocols for full-contact training are developed.” The PA news agency understands around half of the league’s clubs underwent Covid-19 tests on Sunday ahead of a potential return to training, with the rest due to be checked on Monday morning.  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Premier League agree step one of return to training protocols appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 