COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Terri – Afro Series (EP) If you’ve been regular on social media recently, you’ll notice there’s been a buzz regarding this project and finally, the “Afro Series” EP by Terri is out, it’s time to feast on it. The “Afro Series” EP is Terri’s first body of work, it houses 7 sizzling records with no features. However, some high-profile music producers claimed the production credit on the project, the likes of Sarz, Killertunes, IamBeatz, Tuzi and Blaise Beat. SEE ALSO: Terri – Non-stop In Terri‘s own words; I specially want to thank everyone that worked on this project with me, was quite a journey and we pulled through strong! To all my fans as well thank you for staying with me, click the link on my bio to listen to my first body of work #AFROSERIES Check out the new project and share your thoughts below. GET IT ON DIGITAL STORES The post Terri – Afro Series (EP) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Terri and Starboy label boss Wizkid Starboy Terri Shares Release Date Of Long-Awaited ‘Afro Series’ Terri has shared the release date of his long awaited project Afro Series. The artist, who is signed to Wizkid’s Starboy Entertainment, has piqued a lot of anxiousness recently, amidst his fans, who suspect… April 14, 2020 In "Music/Video" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Terri – Ojoro (prod. Sarz) Terri Shines With New Single “Ojoro” Starboy Entertainment’s shining light – Terri, drops a heavy tune on us titled “Ojoro“, off the #AfroSeries EP which has now been released against the earlier scheduled date of May 8. So, Ojoro is Terri’s lead single… May 1, 2020 In "Music/Video" Staryboy act, Terri is one of Nigeria’s promising acts but how long would he continue to remain as one. The main question – Where Is he today? Starboy Terri may have succeeded in leaving our sight for some time now but not anymore. Over the years, he has failed to… March 30, 2020 In "Music/Video"