COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Cynthia Morgan and Jude Okoye Contrary to the information dropped by the dancehall superstar, Cynthia Morgan, that she had to change her name because of her former management that was spearheaded by Jude Okoye and the contract she signed, the label boss has come out to debunk the information, stating that there was no such clause to her contract and she is free to do as she pleases. This information was revealed via a conversation with Jude Okoye on Tunde Ednut’s Instagram Live where Jude, in response to Tunde Ednut’s question on if Cynthia Morgan is free said; “She (Cynthia Morgan) is free and has been free since 2017”, on why she changed her name, Jude Okoye responded with “My brother, that is what I don’t even understand. If she has a contract with where that thing stated like that, then make she bring am make we see mana. Ani the one wey I get here dey different?… how can I old somebody’s papa and mama name? which court go even grant that thing give me… somebody go fail like this, you want to do things on your own because you think you can do things on your own, you’ve seen the light. You’ll now fail and somebody has to take the blame for your failure?” Watch the video below;  A post shared by Notjustok.com (@notjustok) on May 24, 2020 at 1:12pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post "Cynthia Morgan Is Free …" – Jude Okoye appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Ever since the news of Cynthia Morgan‘s allegation against former record label, Northside Entertainment broke, fans as well as celebrities in the entertainment industry, have been wanting to hear Jude Okoye‘s side of the story. In light of the trending topic, Jude Okoye decided to address the issue… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Music executive, Jude Okoye has finally reacted to the allegations leveled against him by his label’s former artist, Cynthia Morgan. Cynthia had claimed she lost everything including her ‘Stage Name’ to Jude’s Northside Inc Label due to a contract disagreement but the elder Okoye brother has now countered… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Peter Okoye of the defunct Psquare music Group has reminded Cynthia Morgan of how she rejected the contract he gave her, after she narrated how she “lost everything” to his elder brother and CEO of Northside Records, Jude Okoye. Recall, Cynthia Morgan who narrated her ordeal in an… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"