COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited is wholly-owned subsidiary invested by Sinoma Cargo in Nigeria, founded in June 2016, located in Nigeria, Lagos. Sinoma Cargo is the first branch set up in West Africa in the process of implementing globalization strategy. Currently, Sinoma Cargo has obtained the clearance qualification and provides overseas warehousing and distribution services, equipped with 40 normal trailers and 10 tow-beds, Sinoma Cargo Nigeria can deliver general cargoes, heavy lifts, over-sized goods and self-owned custom house broker has been set up as well. There are 12 Chinese employees and 100 native employees at present. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Location: Lagos
Working Hours: Normal working hours are 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. daily. Position Summary Job Requirements Application Closing Date
10th June, 2020. The post Sales / Marketing Officer at Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited is wholly-owned subsidiary invested by Sinoma Cargo in Nigeria, founded in June 2016, located in Nigeria, Lagos. Sinoma Cargo is the first branch set up in West Africa in the process of implementing globalization strategy. Currently, Sinoma Cargo has obtained the clearance qualification and provides overseas warehousing and… March 10, 2020 In "Gists" Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited is wholly-owned subsidiary invested by Sinoma Cargo in Nigeria, founded in June 2016, located in Nigeria, Lagos. Sinoma Cargo is the first branch set up in West Africa in the process of implementing globalization strategy. Currently, Sinoma Cargo has obtained the clearance qualification and provides overseas warehousing and… March 10, 2020 In "Gists" Sinoma Cargo International Nigeria Limited is wholly-owned subsidiary invested by Sinoma Cargo in Nigeria, founded in June 2016, located in Nigeria, Lagos. Sinoma Cargo is the first branch set up in West Africa in the process of implementing globalization strategy. Currently, Sinoma Cargo has obtained the clearance qualification and provides overseas warehousing and… January 16, 2020 In "Gists"