COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Ubi Franklin The power of Don Jazzy’s unique baritone is not new to any consumer of Nigerian music. It is the power of this voice that pushed the label boss of Made Men Music, Ubi Franklin to make an impression of the Don’s vocal for Iyanya‘s hit track, Flavour. After Iyanya recorded Flavour, then you know how Don Jazzy was to us then, like Ha! Jazzy! So I hit up Dtunes, and said: “since we no go fit get Don Jazzy, I go use my voice o.” So we try am, then hunger dey so e be like say boyz dey for forsaken, He described how he had to cover his mouth his both hands to be able to create what will then sound like Don Jazzy’s vocals. “After then, I started telling people, come listen to the new song I have of Iyanya featuring Don Jazzy, and then they’ll be like what? It’s not possible” He revealed that the step of attaching such name to the song and the effort made built the label’s confidence to release Kukere. Watch video; The post Ubi Franklin Reveals Impersonating Don Jazzy To Promote Song..Watch! appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Having successfully run two major music labels and creating a roster of stars, Don Jazzy consolidated on the success of his Mavin Records that has delivered some of the most visible hits on the music scene by signing a new crop of artistes in the last calendar year. If signing… November 6, 2017 In "News" <p class=""><strong>After a broken relationship with partner Ubi Franklin who alongside co-owned former record label, Made Men Music Group (MMMG), singer Iyanya confirms that joining Mavin Records afterwards was a good moment in his career as it offered him light away from darkness.</strong></p> <p class="">He mentioned this in an interview… March 10, 2019 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Mavin Records CEO Don Jazzy An Overview: Unmasking Don Jazzy The name Don Jazzy is deeply embedded in contemporary Nigerian history. From making his name with the legendary Mo Hits to establishing Mavin Records, the man born Michael Collins Ajereh is as relentless as anyone out there. While… May 11, 2020 In "Music/Video"