COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Mino Raiola has branded claims that Henrikh Mkhitaryan has told Arsenal to sell him to Roma as ‘fake news’. Mkhitaryan joined Roma on loan in September and the Italian club are thought to want to make both his and Chris Smalling’s moves permanent. Speaking publicly about his future in March, the Armenian suggested a return to Arsenal was possible as “football changes so quickly” and because Unai Emery is no longer in charge, basically. But Corriere dello Sport claimed that Mkhitaryan had told the Gunners to sell him to Roma this summer as he had settled in the Italian capital. “My time in London is over,” he is reported to have said. “I hope you manage to find an agreement with Roma because my desire is to remain.” But Raiola, Mkhitaryan’s agent, has denied those quotes were ever actually made. ‘Mkhitaryan did not send any message to Arsenal,’ Raiola said. ‘Specially in times like these, fake news are completely unacceptable.’ That elicited a rather curious reply from Zlatan Ibrahimovic, of all people. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Well alright. Mkhitaryan questioned how Arsenal “treated me differently” last summer after “they made promises” over his first-team involvement. And despite Raiola refuting the Corriere dello Sport quotes, the 31-year-old is unlikely to have much of a long-term future in north London. His current Arsenal contract runs until 2021 and the club’s new stance on players with expiring deals – to sell when they enter its final year rather than losing them for free – makes Mkhitaryan vulnerable. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Raiola, Zlatan wade into Mkhitaryan and Arsenal controversy appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Mkhitaryan’s time in England Henrikh Mkhitaryan first moved to England in 2016, swapping Borussia Dortmund for Manchester United. Mkhitaryan had an ok stint in Manchester but nothing too impressive. In 63 games across all competitions for United, he scored 13 and assisted 11. Mkhitaryan then moved to Arsenal in January… September 10, 2019 In "Sports" On-loan Arsenal man Henrikh Mkhitaryan has today discussed his difficulties under Unai Emery in north London, suggesting that the Spaniard’s tactics-focused approach made it difficult for him to properly express himself on the pitch. Gunners stint Armenian attacking midfielder/winger Mkhitaryan had been on Arsenal’s books since January of last year.… November 15, 2019 In "Sports" Mkhitaryan & Arsenal Henrikh Mkhitaryan joined Arsenal in January of 2018, moving from Manchester United. In total, the 30-year-old has played 59 games across all competitions for Arsenal. In those 59 games, he would score nine and assist 13 for the Gunners. This season so far saw Mkhitaryan’s game time… September 7, 2019 In "Sports"