COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Newcastle could try to sign Philippe Coutinho after appointing Mauricio Pochettino as manager. The Magpies remain in limbo as the Premier League is yet to ratify the protracted takeover of the club by PCP Capital Partners. That consortium has paid a non-refundable deposit to current owner Mike Ashley, as well as submitting the relevant paperwork, but the Premier League has come under pressure from the government, a major broadcaster and leading human rights organisation Amnesty International to block the £300m move. Plans are still afoot for the club to make Pochettino the highest-paid manager in the world, while Kalidou Koulibaly is also a reported transfer target. F365 Says: Pochettino at Newcastle would be glorious… Mundo Deportivo shed light on another possible signing: Coutinho. They suggest that Pochettino would ‘already advanced his first wish’ to Newcastle by the time of his appointment, with Coutinho his primary target. The pair could be ‘reunited’ on Tyneside after a brief but successful union at Espanyol, where Coutinho spent the last few months of the 2011/12 season on loan from Inter Milan. The Brazilian ‘is on the market’ as Bayern Munich will not make his current loan permanent and Barcelona have made just three players ‘untouchable’ and the rest available for possible swap deals. Barca would seek around £87.6m for Coutinho, who ‘no longer hides’ his desire to return to the Premier League. Newcastle could be one of few clubs able to spend any sort of fee this summer. That ought to please Pochettino, who was ‘fuming’ when Tottenham couldn’t sign him at the start of the season. We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Newcastle named £87.6m Coutinho contenders in Poch ‘reunion’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Newcastle United have made former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino their top target and are willing to pay him £19m a year for his services, according to reports. The Magpies are in the process of being bought out by PCP Capital Partners, who have paid a non-refundable £17m deposit… April 29, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Dimitar Berbatov believes Newcastle could attract players of Gareth Bale’s calibre if their purported takeover goes through. Mike Ashley is on the verge of selling Newcastle to PCP Capital Partners, with a non-refundable deposit having already been paid and the Premier League in the process of ratifying the… April 25, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Pochettino Former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says he wants to return to the Premier League club one day to finish the job he started. The Argentine left Spurs in November, six months after leading them to the Champions League final, and has been linked with Newcastle in recent… May 1, 2020 In "News"