COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now, and for the future. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Borno Background Consultant Objectives
The overall objective of this assignment is to: The specific objectives of this consulting assignment are to: To achieve the above objectives, the consultant will perform the following tasks: Develop tool for government CNA covering nine core domains, with a view to assessing strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats in participatory governance. The domains include: Service Delivery and Quality Assurance: Stakeholder Analysis
Develop tool for stakeholder analysis, tailored to elicit the following but not limited to: Conduct the mapping and analysis exercise, with analysis focusing on the following key elements: Develop a report, including recommendations on: Skills and Experience Required of the Consultant
The consultant is expected to have the following skills and qualifications: The Consultant will report to: The Consultant will work closely with: Application Closing Date
28th May, 2020. The post Consultant (Stakeholder Analysis and Government Capacity Needs Assessment) at Mercy Corps appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now,… March 31, 2020 In "Gists" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from… May 19, 2020 In "Gists" Mercy Corps is a leading global organization powered by the belief that a better world is possible. In disaster, in hardship, in more than 40 countries around the world, we partner to put bold solutions into action – helping people triumph over adversity and build stronger communities from within. Now, and for… December 20, 2019 In "Gists"