COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Tim Sherwood believes beating Liverpool in the 2015 FA Cup semi-final “was probably the worst thing we could have done” at Aston Villa. Sherwood has not returned to management since his eight-month reign at Villa Park came to an end in October 2015. Villa were relegated from the top flight for the first time since 1987 that season, guided to one of the worst Premier League campaigns in history by Remi Garde and caretaker Eric Black. Sherwood had taken the club to safety by three points the previous season, also taking them to the FA Cup final. Would Tim Sherwood have taken Tottenham to the CL final? Villa were crushed by Arsenal at Wembley but reached the showpiece with a memorable 2-1 win over Brendan Rodgers’ Liverpool, with Jack Grealish playing a starring role. That, Sherwood believes, gave owner Randy Lerner the wrong perception of a limited squad that needed investment. “It’s a mad house of a job,” he told the Daily Mail. “Do I want to put myself back in that firing line? If I feel I’ve got a realistic chance of succeeding, then I will do it. “I loved my time at Villa. When I first went in there, we were struggling, in the relegation zone, then we managed to steer clear. We got to the final, which was probably the worst thing we could have done. “It raised expectations. The owner there, Randy Lerner, is entitled to feel how he wants. But he felt that if you can get to an FA Cup final, and outplay Liverpool along the way at Wembley, then surely you can stay in the league. “He had his ideas on recruitment, and he moved the goalposts. I used to say to Randy: ‘You want to put decorations on a Christmas tree with a tree you haven’t got.’ “It was like me being the director of a film and him giving me the actors to work with.” The post Sherwood: Beating Liverpool was ‘worst thing we could’ve done’ appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. A Liverpool capitulation. Jose Mourinho becoming an Amazon courier. Sam Allardyce achieving his ultimate form. We could – and will – go on. 10) VAR would have been abandoned The Premier League was never designed to accommodate VAR. A competition that prides itself on pace, power and skill viewed such… March 17, 2020 In "Sports" Thanks for your mails. Send more to theeditor@football365.com   Distilling Jose… I had thought Mourinho’s comment about the fans not knowing what Parrott looked like was too snide not to be pointed at the weekend. Jose Mourinho deciding that circumstances have aligned to ensure that the section of the fans… March 5, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool’s Brazilian midfielder Roberto Firmino (L) and Liverpool’s Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah (R) tap hands ahead of the UEFA Champions league Group E football match between Liverpool and Napoli at Anfield in Liverpool, north west England on November 27, 2019. (Photo by Paul ELLIS / AFP) A 30-year wait to… January 12, 2020 In "News"