COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Some of the commitments made by President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to be granted the $3.4 billion facility have emerged, with transparency in the utilization of the funds, topping the list. A document on the facility made available to Vanguard, yesterday, indicated that the government promised to publish names of companies to be awarded contracts in the procurement processes in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigate its effects on the nation’s economy. The federal government also pledged an independent audit of the expenditures under the COVID-19 crisis-mitigation activities. According to the document, “to ensure financial assistance received as part of the COVID-19 response is used for intended purposes, the Nigerian authorities committed to undertake an independent audit of crisis-mitigation spending and related procurement processes and to publish procurement plans and notices for all emergency-response activities, including names of awarded companies and beneficial owners.” It was learned that discussions on the facility took place via videoconference calls from April 17 to 21, 2020. The IMF team was lead by the Mr. Amine Mati , Snr. Resident Representative and Mission Chief for Nigeria. The IMF team held videoconference calls with Vice President Osinbajo; Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs. Zainab Ahmed; Central Bank Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele; among other senior government officials. An Executive Summary on the request indicated that the COVID-19 pandemic was severely impacting Nigeria’s economic activities. The report read:  “The sharp fall in international oil prices and reduced global demand for Nigeria’s oil products are worsening the fiscal and external positions, as Nigeria’s oil and gas exports (84 percent of total exports) are expected to fall by more than $26½ billion. The economy is projected to contract by almost 3½ percent in 2020, a six-percentage point drop relative to pre-COVID-19 projections. Vanguard The post $3.4bn: Nigeria’s commitment to IMF revealed appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva *Urges commitment to macroeconomic stability By Babajide Komolafe The Board of the International Monetary Fund, IMF, on Tuesday, approved $3.4 billion emergency support for Nigeria to address the severe impact of the COVID-19. IMF, however, insisted that the Federal Government must be committed… April 28, 2020 In "News" •Budget 2020 benchmark now $30 per barrel; states get moratorium on debts •Buhari okays withdrawal of $150m from stabilisation fund to boost June allocations •Govs in talks with World Bank for support – Fayemi; seek strong synergy between FG, states By Emma Ujah, Abuja Bureau Chief, Clifford Ndujihe &  Henry… April 7, 2020 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Christine Lagarde, IMF President and Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance By Babajide Komolafe The International Monetary Fund, IMF, has called on the Nigerian government to roll out more fiscal support to fight the COVID-19 pandemic. Also read: IMF grants debt relief for 19 African nations Director, Africa, IMF… April 15, 2020 In "News"