COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Aston Villa are not going to budge on their valuation of midfielder Jack Grealish despite strong interest from Man Utd, according to reports. Man Utd have been linked with a host of players despite the suspension of the Premier League season. The Red Devils have reportedly targeted Nicolo Zaniolo in recent weeks and Roma could be ‘forced to negotiate yet another painful sale’, while a deal for Lyon striker Moussa Dembele is apparently done. FEATURE: Five more steps towards football reform: transfers and… Those are just a couple of the mountain of rumours linking players to Old Trafford but one player they are consistently credited with interest in is Grealish. Their long-term interest in Grealish was thought to be in jeopardy after the Aston Villa captain courted controversy by flouting the state-enforced lockdown to allegedly meet a friend two weeks ago. That situation ‘raised eyebrows’ at Old Trafford but Ole Gunnar Solskjaer remains ‘keen to continue working towards a deal’. However, the Daily Mirror claims that Grealish ‘remains top of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s wanted list this summer’ and Man Utd have ‘now started their background checks on the 24-year-old’. The report adds that Villa ‘will not be bullied over their £80m valuation’ though and that’s ‘even if the club loses its survival fight’. Villa’s wealthy owners put them in a ‘strong position’ to push for their asking price and they are determined not to let him ‘leave on the cheap’. The Daily Mirror continue by saying ‘the club remains steadfast that they will not be hammered down from what they see as a fair market value’.  We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Villa vow not to be ‘bullied’ by Man Utd over Grealish stance appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. 