COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Thierry Henry says that he was once “embarrassed” to score a hat-trick for Arsenal after performing badly during the match. Henry scored 175 goals in 258 appearances during his time at Arsenal leaving him sixth on the all-time Premier League goalscorers list. The former France international bagged three goals as the Arsenal beat Norwich City 4-1 in the 2004/05 Premier League season but the Gunners legend has revealed that it made him “embarrassed”. FEATURE: What if form was fed into final Premier League table? Speaking to Leicester City midfielder James Maddison on Puma Football’s Instagram: “I always say that I used to speak my mind and people used to be shocked when I say what I say, you can ask Kolo Toure [Leicester coach] I tell it how it is if you don’t like it we can move on. “I scored a hat-trick against Norwich once but I did not move. I was embarrassed, I was actually embarrassed. I was really bad but I scored three goals. “Everyone came at the end and the journalists are saying ‘You have a great game’ no I didn’t! I scored but I didn’t have a great game. “It’s always unfair. I always say strikers are judged on goals but they get away with murder sometimes. “You know you have to carry a striker sometimes knowing they can help you. That’s why when I was playing I started to think assists were very important. “Sometimes as you know your team defends for 90 minutes, you’re looking at them defending and you can’t help so when I could in games I would give assists. assists for me are as important as goals, if not more important.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post Henry explains why he was ’embarrassed’ to score Arsenal hat-trick appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): The best free transfers. All here. Mostly because we love James Milner…   ARSENAL: Sol Campbell This one is a no-brainer. Not just Arsenal’s greatest Bosman signing but one of the most successful in Premier League history. A defensive colossus, two Premier League titles made him a hero… April 17, 2020 In "Sports" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): We’re up to the H-Team in the Alphabet League…   Goalkeeper: Joe Hart There once was a time when Joe Hart was head and shoulders above any other English goalkeeper; now he’s not even the best a man can get at Burnley. At 33, he should be at… April 28, 2020 In "Sports" Pukki bags POTM Teemu Pukki had an outstanding start to life in the Premier League. The Norwich forward would open his goalscoring account on the opening day of the season vs Liverpool. Pukki would then go on to bag a hat-trick in Norwich’s proceeding league game vs Newcastle. Pukki’s then… September 14, 2019 In "Sports"