COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is determined to hit the ground running when football’s coronavirus suspension ends. A return to Premier League action in June is currently on the cards, ending what will have been a three-month absence of action for the English top flight. For injured players like Pogba, the wait has been even longer. The 27-year-old has managed just eight appearances during an injury-hit season and has yet to feature in 2020 due to an ankle issue. FEATURE: Top ten moments when football and politics mixed terribly “I have a little home gym in my house,” Pogba, who is isolating in the north west, said. “I can do some training, some running, some bike, go outside and do some things with the ball. I am just keeping busy and keeping healthy. “We have got to stay motivated, there is no other choice. It is a period and we don’t know until when it will be like this, but I still have goals in my head and one day hopefully this (pandemic) will stop. “And then we have to get back on the pitch, so we have to be ready. “For myself, I have been out for a long time as well, so for me I just want to come back playing football.” Pogba has been in regular contact with his team-mates during the lockdown as they continue to the put the work in amid this unusual backdrop. “My advice first of all is to stay safe, stay at home and keep practising,” he told the club’s website. “There is always a way to work, you can work with anything you have at home, you can still do sit-ups, push-ups. “For abdominals and core work, you don’t need weights and stuff like that. You just need the work.” We could not keep away from the camera for long so we made a Football365 Isolation Show. Watch it, subscribe and share until we get back in the studio/pub and produce something a little slicker… The post There’s ‘no other choice’ than to ‘stay motivated’ – Pogba appeared first on Football365. Source: Football 365 Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Pogba Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is using the coronavirus lockdown to step up his return to fitness after an injury-plagued season. Pogba had made just eight appearances for United this season before the health crisis forced the suspension of the Premier League in March. The French World… May 3, 2020 In "News" Pogba Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has decided to make a personal protest against racism following the ongoing “ignorance” demonstrated at football stadiums throughout Europe. The 26-year-old France star came off the bench during United’s a 4-1 win win away to Newcastle on Thursday, when he wore black and white… December 27, 2019 In "News" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Send your thoughts on Man Utd and their transfer plans to theeditor@football365.com Would you rather? Reading about the discussion on which forward Man Utd should sign (Kane or Sancho), I thought the choice was very clear – Jadon Sancho. Kane is an outstanding player so why Sancho? First… April 15, 2020 In "Sports"