A recent report has linked Manchester United with Monaco forward Pietro Pellegri. Pellegri made the move to AS Monaco in January of 2018. The French outfit are understood to have paid around £18m for the centre-forward’s services. Despite Pellegri having been just 16 years of age at the time, Monaco landing the Italian was viewed as a major coup, due to the potential he previously displayed at Genoa. The youngster netted seven goals in sixteen outings with the Grifone, whilst also becoming Serie A’s youngest-ever goalscorer back in 2017 when he found the net against Roma. Despite having showcased heaps of promise in Italy, though, Genoa-born Pellegri has endured a rather disappointing stint at Monaco. In fact, the now 19-year-old, amid a shocking run of luck on the injury front, has featured just six times for the Ligue 1 outfit, with none of those appearances having come this term. View this post on Instagram A post shared by  Pietro Pellegri (@iampellegri) on Aug 24, 2019 at 9:38am PDT Despite his struggles since joining Monaco, though, the Italy under-19 international, as mentioned above, still appears to have caught the eye of one of Europe’s biggest clubs. The side in question are Premier League powerhouse Manchester United. According to the highly reliable Gianluca Di Marzio, Pellegri has emerged as a Red Devils target, whom Di Marzio claims have a good relationship with Monaco. United were linked with Pellegri before he made the move to France, with Di Marzio’s report adding that the Manchester giants have been tracking the forward since he was 16. As such, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men looking set to lose Odion Ighalo this week, they could well be in the market for a new striker this summer. and Pellegri would certainly seem to fit United’s recent transfer model of signing and utilising young promising players. See also: SC Freiburg vs Bayer 04 Leverkusen live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online FC Bayern Munich vs Fortuna Dusseldorf live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online FC Schalke 04 vs Werder Bremen live streaming: Watch Bundesliga online Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.