COVID19 Update(Nigeria): 
confirmed 0, deaths 0, recovered 0 Artists Asa & WurlD WurlD recently put out https://embed.music.apple.com/us/album/afrosoul/1509142622?app=music&itsct=music_box&itscg=30200“>AFROSOUL. It’s his third project in 14 months. Given the unquestionable quality of WurlD’s music, it’s no surprise the new EP has been hailed as one of the better releases of the year already, given its sonic brilliance and fusing of sounds, as shown on standout tracks like “GHOST TOWN” and “WAYO (KPE LE WU)“ In an essay I’d previously written, I charted WurlD’s experimentation with his music; how, through his projects, he’s showing different sides to his artistry, winning new converts. To discuss AFROSOUL, our editor-in-chief Mr. Ovie hopped on an IG Live with WurlD this evening (May 20th), and they both an interesting conversation around his career and current place with tje music, and that spurred many revealing moments. One moment, however, could be said to have trump everything else. That moment when the Queen of R&B & Soul,  Asa, featured, being there in WurlD’s house! Then there’s the major news which follows. Catch that moment below! The post Asa Surprises Fans On WurlD's Interview & Reveals MAJOR News appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. COVID19 Update(Nigeria):   An Overview: Afrobeats, Electro Fusion: Best of Both WurlDs WurlD’s musical influences has been varied since the first day; a child of two cultures: The Western and the Nigerian. In cue, his sound – dubbed ‘electro fusion’ by WurlD – portends a genre-bending form which holds EDM… May 14, 2020 In "Music/Video" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): With his latest hit “Love Nobody” still buzzing, WurlD has released a new AfroSoul single titled “Ghost Town”, produced by Spax. WurlD’s stellar penmanship is further displayed in “Ghost Town“, as its lyrics open up discussions around the feelings of loneliness that often come with chasing a dream.… May 1, 2020 In "Entertainment" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): Nigerian afro soul singer and songwriter, WurlD has released his EP titled ‘Afrosoul’ via Platoon. The EP features “Ghost Town” and “Love Nobody”, in addition to “National Anthem (Growing Wings)”, “Story”, “Can’t Come Outside”, and more and is now available. “Love Nobody” was released on April 24. The… May 15, 2020 In "Entertainment"