England’s domestic transfer deadline day saw a number of late deals involving Premier League clubs pushed over the line. The most high-profile move no doubt comes in the form of Said Benrahma’s West Ham switch. Brentford star Benrahma had, for some time, stood as one of the Championship’s standout performers, as evidenced by his haul of 17 goals and 10 assists in the English 2nd-tier last season. Such stellar production understandably piqued the interest of those at the London Stadium, who, despite a recent upturn in form, were evidently of the opinion that further reinforcement was required to hit the club’s targets this season. In turn, a drama-filled will-he won’t he saga unfolded surrounding Benrahma over the last week. But, just when it appeared as though West Ham may have run out of time, an announcement was this evening forthcoming. The Irons have clinched the Algerian’s signing on loan for the season ahead, with an option to buy next summer: We are pleased to announce the signing of Algeria international Saïd Benrahma on loan from Brentford #WelcomeSaid — West Ham United (@WestHam) October 16, 2020 An insight into the financial details of the deal, meanwhile, has also been provided: £4m loan fee, £21m obligation plus £4m in potential add-ons. https://t.co/LYoQ4yaUSg — Sam Inkersole (@Sam_InkersoleTM) October 16, 2020 Whilst one player swaps the Championship for the Premier League, though, another two have opted to move in the opposite direction. The individuals in question? Harry Wilson and Harvey Elliott. In a pair of social media posts this evening, Liverpool confirmed that their young stars have secured respective loan moves to England’s 2nd-tier. Welsh midfielder Wilson, who spent last season with Bournemouth, has returned to his home country with Cardiff: Harry Wilson has joined @CardiffCityFC on a season-long loan deal. Good luck for the season ahead, @harrywilson_ — Liverpool FC (@LFC) October 16, 2020 Teenage prodigy Elliott, meanwhile, has linked up with Blackburn Rovers: Harvey Elliott has joined Blackburn @Rovers on loan for the remainder of the 2020-21 season. Best of luck this season, Harvey — Liverpool FC (@LFC) October 16, 2020 In other deadline day news, Joe Rodon finally secured a move to Tottenham, whilst Jack Butland’s Crystal Palace switch is expected to be made official at any moment: Jack Butland move to #cpfc will be confirmed shortly – Stoke will receive an initial £1m. Angus Gunn signing on loan for the season from Southampton #scfc — John Percy (@JPercyTelegraph) October 16, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.