Tottenham are back in action once again later this evening. Spurs have already had to face off with Chelsea in the League Cup earlier this week and have a Premier League clash with Manchester United to look forward to on Sunday. Before that though, the north Londoners need to secure their spot in the Europa League group stages. To do so, Jose Mourinho and co. need to see off Israeli outfit Maccabi Haifa on Thursday evening. Ordinarily, you would mark this game down as an easy victory for Spurs. But with Jose Mourinho and co. already facing such a hectic schedule, and with one eye potentially on the trip to Old Trafford, an upset could well be on the cards tonight. EUROPA LEAGUE: PREDICTIONS & TIPS Tottenham vs Maccabi Haifa https://t.co/uAz7rHdNkA — 101 Great Goals (@102greatgoals) October 1, 2020 One man who seemingly doesn’t see Tottenham crashing out of the Europa League anytime soon, however, is Matt Doherty. The full-back joined Spurs over the summer from Wolves, with whom he made it to the quarter-final stages of last season’s Europa League tournament. Now he is on the Lilywhite’s books though, Doherty seemingly has his eyes on the Europa League final. Speaking ahead of Tottenham’s tie with Maccabi Haifa, the Irishman voiced the opinion that Spurs are good enough to progress all the way through the tournament: “It is a competition that we desperately want to be in and we have done the job in the previous two games.I know we didn’t do our best stuff or play particularly well but we managed to get the job done. That is the goal tonight – just get the job done. “Once the group stage comes along we can start to look at our performances and string some good performances together. “Even when we get to the group stage, when teams fall out of the Champions League, even if they’re big clubs, I still think we’re good enough to progress all the way in this tournament. If you look at this squad now it’s quite exciting and I think we’ll be hard to stop.” Quotes via the Evening Standard. See also: Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions and odds Southampton vs West Bromwich Albion betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.