Manchester United, on the back of a quiet window overall, had a pretty busy deadline day. In total, the Red Devils managed to land four new players on Monday including Alex Telles, Amad Diallo and Facundo Pellistri. Perhaps the most high-profile of those additions came in the form of veteran hitman, Edinson Cavani. The Uruguayan made the move to Old Trafford on a free transfer, after his PSG contract expired over the summer: Ladies and gentlemen: introducing @ECavaniOfficial…#MUFC pic.twitter.com/2tBLCdtjdL — Manchester United (@ManUtd) October 5, 2020 After netting 200 goals in 301 appearances during his stint with PSG, United fans are probably no doubt eager to see the 33-year-old in action. And with Anthony Martial suspended after being sent off vs Tottenham last weekend, United will, of course, need to call upon a fresh face to fill the void left by the Frenchman in their next Premier League clash. Said clash takes place on Saturday the 17th of October and sees the Red Devils face a trip to St James’ Park. Unfortunately for United though, they will not be able to call upon their new hitman for the trip to Newcastle. The reason for this is due to the current quarantine rules in place across the UK due to Covid-19. As per the Telegraph, anyone arriving in the UK from France is currently required to self-isolate for 14 days. And as Cavani only arrived on Sunday, his quarantine period will not be up until October 18th – the day after the Newcastle clash: Edinson Cavani’s Manchester United debut delayed due to coronavirus quarantine rules | @TelegraphDucker https://t.co/ZQmNd0KjdN — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) October 7, 2020 See also: England vs Wales betting tips: International friendly preview, predictions & odds Scotland vs Israel betting tips: Euro 2020 playoff preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.