Porto have this evening announced the arrival of Malang Sarr, with another Premier League player potentially set to follow the Chelsea youngster to Portugal. French stopper Sarr only made the move to Chelsea this past summer as a free agent, following the expiration of his contract with Nice. The widespread assumption, though, was always that the 21-year-old would be swiftly farmed out on loan, to develop further ahead of a return to Stamford Bridge down the line. And, as confirmed a short time ago, this is precisely what has come to pass. Taking to social media this evening, Porto confirmed that Sarr has joined the club on loan for the campaign ahead: Bem-vindo, Malang SarrBienvenu, Malang SarrWelcome, Malang Sarr#FCPorto #NaçãoPorto #BemvindoSarr pic.twitter.com/LLdvTzjdIG — FC Porto (@FCPorto) October 6, 2020 Speaking on the back of his Dragao switch being made official, meanwhile, Sarr explained: ‘FC Porto is a very big club with a history that, for me, is very important. I know this story, it’s a proud club and that’s what I hope to find.’ “O FC Porto é um clube muito grande e com uma história que, para mim, é muito importante. Conheço essa história, é um clube orgulhoso dela e é isso que eu espero encontrar” #FCPorto #NaçãoPorto #BemvindoSarr pic.twitter.com/81R7uGH3Li — FC Porto (@FCPorto) October 6, 2020 As outlined above, though, Sarr may not be the only Premier League star to link up with Porto before the close of the Portuguese transfer market on October 25th. The other player tipped to make the move to the Primeira Liga? Jesse Lingard. As per a report from Rob Dawson of ESPN, Porto are keen on the out-of-favour Manchester United midfielder. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and co. are expected to be open to a deal, which would also likely come in the form of a loan: Transfer window still open in Portugal and Porto showing interest in Jesse Lingard. Would be a season-long loan if it happens. — Rob Dawson (@RobDawsonESPN) October 6, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.