The Ama-Zuma Group, a medium Telecommunication, Engineering and Oil and Gas Servicing Company with headquarters in Lagos State is recruiting suitably qualified candidate to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 27th October, 2020. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Amazuma Group (26 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Ama-Zuma Services Limited is a medium telecommunications engineering and oil and gas servicing company committed to providing zero down time on telecommunications facilities and network transmission. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Maintenance Manager Location: Lagos Deadline: 15th November, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details… October 30, 2019 In "Gists" AETI Power Systems and Controls Limited – We are an engineering consulting company, whose focus has been on rendering the following services: Technical Training, Recruitment of technical Personnel, Outsourcing of Technical Personnel and rendering engineering consulting services to the Manufacturing, Oil & Gas, Telecommunications, engineering services, Hospitality Industry, etc. We… October 18, 2019 In "Gists" The Ama-Zuma Group was established on the basis integrity and commitment to excellence. The group is currently made up of three subsidiaries. These are Ama-Zuma Services Limited, Ama-Zuma Oil & Gas Nigeria Limited and Ama-Zuma Bureau De Change. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Office Driver Location:… February 21, 2020 In "Gists"