Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has this evening spoken out over the club’s search for reinforcements, ahead of the fast-approaching transfer deadline. The Gunners welcomed Sheffield United to the Emirates a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings with their tails up, having bounced back from a league defeat at Anfield on Monday night with a League Cup win over Liverpool during the week. Chris Wilder’s Blades, on the other hand, were winless across the club’s first 4 outings of the campaign. And, when all was said and done in north London, the matchup played out true to form, as Arsenal came away with all 3 points. The hosts took the lead just past the hour mark, when a wonderfully worked team move eventually saw Bukayo Saka thump home a superb header at the back post. And it was 2-0 just minutes later, courtesy of a moment of individual brilliance from substitute Nicolas Pepe: Two in four minutes for #AFC! Pepe doubles the hosts’ lead and it looks a long way back for #SUFC… Watch on Sky Sports Main Event Follow #ARSSHU here: https://t.co/k1M5xBmAfS Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/lgCH1q0CZf — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 4, 2020 David McGoldrick did manage to pull one back for the plucky visitors 7 minutes from time, but, in the end, Arsenal held on, to book their spot back in the Premier League’s top-4. Whilst Arsenal eventually got the job done this afternoon, their performance, over lengthy stretches, actually proved far from impressive. The first-half in particular saw the capital giants’ shortcomings in the middle of the park laid bare, amid a concerning lack of creativity. As such, speaking during his post-match press conference a short time ago, Mikel Arteta was inevitably drawn on the club’s efforts to add fresh faces, as tomorrow’s transfer deadline continues to inch closer. The Arsenal boss, though, was keen not to give too much away, albeit whilst admitting that the transfer chiefs at the Emirates are hard at work when it comes to both incomings and outgoings: Arteta on transfers: “I am confident that we know what exactly we want to do. We are trying our best to finalise the deals we want, whether it’s sending people on loan or bringing someone in.” #AFC — Sam Dean (@SamJDean) October 4, 2020 Arsenal blow: Lyon announce Houssem Aouar stay Alisson adds to Liverpool woes ahead of Aston Villa clash Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.