R.A.THINK DESIGN is an Israeli-Nigerian company. The company is managed by vastly experienced team of expatriate management executives and Nigerian staff. We have strategic partnerships and alliances with organizations and groups based in Nigeria, Europe and the Middle East. Our Office and Showroom is at 2/4 Samuel Anibaba Street, Ikosi, Ketu, Lagos. We are committed to clients’ needs and to provide excellent work as well as providing competitive prices. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: LagosEmployment Type: Full-time Job Functions Requirements SalaryN50,000 – N100,000 monthly. Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Digital Marketer at R.A Trading and Investment Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. R.A.THINK DESIGN is an Israeli-Nigerian company. The company is managed by vastly experienced team of expatriate management executives and Nigerian staff. We have strategic partnerships and alliances with organizations and groups based in Nigeria, Europe and the Middle East. Our Office and Showroom is at 2/4 Samuel Anibaba Street, Ikosi,… July 1, 2019 In "Jobs" R.A.THINK DESIGN is an Israeli-Nigerian company. The company is managed by vastly experienced team of expatriate management executives and Nigerian staff. We have strategic partnerships and alliances with organizations and groups based in Nigeria, Europe and the Middle East. Our Office and Showroom is at 2/4 Samuel Anibaba Street, Ikosi,… June 14, 2019 In "Jobs" R.A.THINK DESIGN is an Israeli-Nigerian company. The company is managed by vastly experienced team of expatriate management executives and Nigerian staff. We have strategic partnerships and alliances with organizations and groups based in Nigeria, Europe and the Middle East. Our Office and Showroom is at 2/4 Samuel Anibaba Street, Ikosi,… June 25, 2019 In "Jobs"