Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this weekend opened up on the club’s plans to develop and integrate new signing Facundo Pellistri. As was widely documented in the media, transfer deadline day proved rather hectic on the red half of Manchester. On the back of a quiet summer, during which the Red Devils had clinched just a solitary signing, a further 4 players followed suit during the final hours of the window. First up was left-back Alex Telles, who arrived from Porto in a deal worth a reported £15 million. This was followed by confirmation that both youngster Amad Diallo and free agent Edinson Cavani had also committed to terms with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men. El Matador has arrived. Old Trafford is waiting for you, @ECavaniOfficial! #MUFC — Manchester United (@ManUtd) October 5, 2020 Last through the door during United’s last-minute recruitment drive, meanwhile, was youngster Facundo Pellistri. 18-year-old Pellistri had long been viewed as one of Uruguayan football’s most highly-regarded talents, having made his way through the ranks of heavyweights Penarol. Despite his tender years, though, Evaristo Gonzalez, secretary at Penarol, recently suggested that his club’s former prodigy is set for an immediate integration into the first-team setup at Old Trafford: ‘Pellistri goes straight to the first team.’ ‘Going to play. In the negotiation they asked me if I could guarantee them if he was in the bubble because they need him.’ As such, amid such claims, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was this weekend inevitably drawn on his own plans for Pellistri. And the United boss, albeit whilst assuring that the teenage attacker will be handed plenty of time to adapt to his new surroundings, went on to suggest that Pellistri could immediately offer his side something different to the current options at his disposal: ‘He’s a young boy coming from Uruguay’, Solskjaer explained during an interview with the Red Devils’ official website. ‘He’s a signing in the tradition of what we do here which is to bring young players in and let them grow and develop and become the player they can be.’ ‘Of course we’ll give him time. He’s more one for the future than now, but he’s exciting and he’s shown some things in training that we don’t really have here. I’m looking forward to helping him develop and helping him settle.’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.