Chelsea are set to kick off their 2020/21 Champions League campaign in just over 24 hours time. The Blues had a rather disappointing end to their stint in last season’s competition, being hammered 7-1 over two legs by Bayern Munich in the last 16 stage. As a result, this new-look Chelsea squad will no doubt be eager to prove they have improved a great deal since that drubbing. The Blues’ first European test of the season sees them play host to Sevilla on Tuesday. The Spaniard’s, of course, clinched the Europa League in impressive fashion last term, before holding their own against Bayern in the Super Cup. So, this tie will likely be the Londoner’s hardest match of their group, with their remaining two opponents Rennes and Krasnodar. THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE IS BACK!!! Predictions & Tips Chelsea vs Sevilla  https://t.co/13Rsn8nSsX — 101 Great Goals (@102greatgoals) October 19, 2020 Ahead of the clash with Sevilla, Frank Lampard held his latest press conference on Monday afternoon. A number of topics were discussed in the presser, one of which was the fitness of Billy Gilmour. The youngster burst onto the Chelsea first-team picture last term, with some eye-catching displays vs the likes of Liverpool and Everton. However, the Scotsman has been sidelined since July after picking up a knee injury vs Crystal Palace. When speaking on Monday, though, Lampard stated that Gilmour is now just around three or four weeks away from a return: Lampard reports Billy Gilmour is around three or four weeks away from his return, all being well, and is continuing to build up his fitness outside.#CHESEV — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) October 19, 2020 See also: Lampard pinpoints key instruction Chelsea players failed to follow vs Southampton Chelsea vs Sevilla betting tips: Champions League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Edouard Mendy has returned to training on Monday, in a potentially huge boost for Chelsea ahead of the club’s meeting with Sevilla. Kepa struggling Frank Lampard’s men are set to get their Champions League campaign underway tomorrow night. The Blues will welcome La Liga giants Sevilla to Stamford Bridge, for… October 19, 2020 In "Sports" Frank Lampard has this evening moved to provide a fitness update on his squad, ahead of Chelsea’s upcoming meeting with Sheffield United. Sheffield United vs Chelsea The Blues will return to action tomorrow evening, in a Premier League meeting with the Blades. The Bramall Lane clash is set to come… July 10, 2020 In "Sports" Frank Lampard has this evening moved to provide a fitness update on his squad, ahead of Chelsea’s upcoming meeting with Sheffield United. Sheffield United vs Chelsea The Blues will return to action tomorrow evening, in a Premier League meeting with the Blades. The Bramall Lane clash is set to come… July 10, 2020 In "Sports"