HR Leverage Africa – Our clients in various sectors are currently recruiting suitably qualified candidate to fill the following positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Lagos Salary: NGN50,000 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date Not Specified. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at HR Leverage Africa (14 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Adexen – Our clients, in various sectors is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: Adexen Recruitment Agency – Our clients in various sectors is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: 1. Chief Marketing Officer Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details… September 22, 2020 In "Jobs" Kimberly Ryan Limited – Our client, a manpower service provider in the Nigerian Oil & Gas sector, is currently recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below:   1. Lead Business Analyst Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Manager, Legal & Compliance… August 7, 2019 In "Jobs" Proten International – Our client in various sectors is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: 1. HR Manager Location: Lagos Deadline: 31st July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Operations Manager Location: Imo Deadline: 31st July, 2020. Click Here to Read Job… July 8, 2020 In "Jobs"