Sergio Conceicao, manager of FC Porto, has hit out at Pep Guardiola, on the back of his side’s meeting with Manchester City. The Portuguese giants made the trip to the Etihad last night, for a showdown with the Sky Blues. The matchup marked the respective clubs’ Champions League opener, with Olympiacos and Marseille having gone head to head in the evening’s other Group C matchup. City, understandably, were widely viewed as overwhelming frontrunners to top the table upon the draw being made, with Guardiola’s men having also headed into proceedings on Wednesday as favourites to bag all 3 points. And, when all was said and done in Manchester, this is precisely what they managed. An entertaining affair, during which the hosts actually fell behind to an early Luis Diaz strike, eventually saw City run out 3-1 winners. Sergio Aguero levelled things up with 20 minutes on the clock, before Ilkay Gundogan’s pinpoint free-kick was added to by Ferran Torres 20 minutes from time to make sure of the Citizens’ victory. Ping! You don’t hit them better than that! An excellent strike from Ilkay Gündoğan  pic.twitter.com/2kRc1OAl4q — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 21, 2020 As outlined above, however, on the back of last night’s proceedings at the Etihad coming to a close, Porto boss Sergio Conceicao was disappointed with far more than just the result. Speaking during his post-match interview, the Portuguese tactician made no secret of his unhappiness with the behaviour of his opposite number on the City bench. Conceicao took aim at Pep Guardiola regarding a whole host of matters, not least the manner in which the Spaniard pressured officials into decisions: ‘I’ve got a lot to learn from Pep Guardiola, in the way he pressures referees, the way he talks to opposition players, as well as the opposition dugout.’ ‘He’s a fantastic example to follow. I have to learn this. Today we were authentic angels compared to the other dugout.’ The Porto boss continued: ‘As well as the match, he spoke about our country using ugly words. I had to respond. Guardiola’s attitude was extremely unpleasant.’ ‘Indeed, the whole of the opponent’s dugout was, because if anybody should have been complaining it was the FC Porto bench, because we were extremely hard done by.’ Porto coach Sergio Conceicao launches scathing attack on Pep Guardiola #mcfc https://t.co/O2HnakCIXu — James Ducker (@TelegraphDucker) October 22, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.