West Ham United have this evening confirmed the loan arrival of Craig Dawson from Watford. As the domestic transfer deadline continues to creep closer in England, the Premier League club to have taken centre stage in the media have of course been West Ham. Despite the Irons having looked much improved of late, as evidenced by a haul of 7 goals scored and none against across their last two league outings, David Moyes and co. are evidently of the opinion that further reinforcement is required for the club to hit their targets this season. With the international transfer window having slammed shut this day last week, though, the Hammers have been forced to turn their attentions towards a more modest list of targets than they may have previously drawn up. Bournemouth’s Josh King is one such player said to be firmly in the sights of the capital outfit. A deal for Brentford standout Said Benrahma, meanwhile, has also been persistently touted over the last 48 hours: Does sound there’s late interest in Benrahma from likes of Aston Villa & Fulham (Crystal Palace considered but were never seriously pursuing) – however as things stand West Ham remain in the driving seat to sign the 25yo winger @TheAthleticUK #WHUFC #BrentfordFC #AVFC #FFC #CPFC https://t.co/bZFbi5HMB3 — David Ornstein (@David_Ornstein) October 12, 2020 As outlined above, however, despite the focus of the recruitment team at the London Stadium having appeared set on securing attacking reinforcements, it is instead a defender who has today linked up with David Moyes’ squad. The stopper in question? Craig Dawson. As confirmed in an announcement across the club’s social media platforms a short time ago, Dawson has joined West Ham on loan from Watford for the remainder of the season: We are pleased to announce the signing of defender Craig Dawson on a season-long loan from Watford. — West Ham United (@WestHam) October 12, 2020 Our new No.15… pic.twitter.com/l6hdfLvty6 — West Ham United (@WestHam) October 12, 2020 The Londoners’ deal for Dawson is reported to contain an option to buy, for a minimal fee. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.