An update on the fitness of Newcastle United attacker Miguel Almiron has been forthcoming online this weekend. Almiron is of course just one of an absolute host of Premier League players currently away on international duty. Despite the new season being just weeks old, delays caused by the Covid-19 pandemic have seen international football return for the 2nd time in the space of a month this week. The hectic nature of the schedule, though, is beginning to take its toll. Recent days have seen players from across the Premier League landscape succumb to respective fitness concerns. Chelsea’s Edouard Mendy and Spurs summer signing Sergio Reguilon are just two of those to have handed their clubs an altogether unwelcome early season scare. Little hitch, I’m going to do anything I can to come back faster and stronger.Thank you all for your messages  pic.twitter.com/6vafcnypwT — Edouard Mendy (@EdouardMendy_) October 10, 2020 As outlined above, meanwhile, the latest individual from the English top-flight to have pulled up with a problem whilst on international duty was Miguel Almiron. Newcastle star Almiron was handed a starting berth in Paraguay’s World Cup qualifying meeting with Peru on Thursday. With just minutes to go in the 2-2 stalemate, though, the explosive attacker was forced off, to be replaced by Antonio Sanabria. Almiron was clearly in discomfort as he made his way off the pitch, leading to understandable concern surrounding the 26-year-old’s wellbeing. Such fears, however, have since been firmly eased. As revealed by journalist Roberto Rojas, who covers Paraguayan football, the signs for Almiron, as things stand, are ‘all good’. This comes amid claims that the Magpies star’s problem is not as serious as was first expected, with Almiron likely to be in contention when his country take on Venezuela on Tuesday: The injury was only a pulled muscle and wasn’t as serious as expected. Him, alongside all the players that played in the match against Perú trained in the gym yesterday evening and will all be in contention for the match against Venezuela on Tuesday. All good signs for Miggy — Roberto Rojas (@RobertoRojas97) October 10, 2020 Chelsea’s Hakim Ziyech understood to have left the Morocco camp early Man United & Man City both reportedly want Mauricio Pochettino Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Liverpool vs Newcastle Surely it’ll be another win for Liverpool this weekend, right? Newcastle United visit Anfield on Saturday in the Premier League. Liverpool are top of the standings with a perfect record after four matches. The Magpies are 14th in the table with four points on the board. Newcastle’s… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" MW19 round-up Match week 19 of the Premier League season took place between the 26th and 27th of December. The game week began at Tottenham at 12:30 pm UK time on Thursday with the Lilywhites playing host to Brighton. After falling behind, Spurs would fight back to clinch a crucial… December 28, 2019 In "Sports" Newcastle vs Crystal Palace Newcastle are set to play host to Crystal Palace on Saturday afternoon. The Magpies had been in fairly good form of late but they lost their last league tie 1-0 vs Burnley. Newcastle will begin Saturday sat 11th in the English top-flight but a win over… December 20, 2019 In "Sports"