The BBC is an international multimedia broadcaster on radio, TV, online and social networks with a weekly global audience of 320 million. As part of an historic multi-million pound expansion of BBC Africa, the BBC World Service is introducing a wide range of new and exciting language and regional content to serve African and global audiences. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Reference: BBC / TP / 788771 / 50849Location: LagosJob family Journalism Band DJob Reference: BBC/TP/788771/50849Contract Type: Fixed termJob Category: JournalismBusiness Unit: News – WSG World Service Job Purpose Required Skills and Experience Knowledge, Skills, Training and ExperienceThe following competencies (behaviours and characteristics) have been identified as key to success in the job. Successful candidates are expected to demonstrate these competencies: Job ImpactDecision Making: Scope: Application Closing Date25th October, 2020. The post Senior Journalist, Pidgin at BBC World Service appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The BBC is an international multimedia broadcaster on radio, TV, online and social networks with a weekly global audience of 320 million. As part of an historic multi-million pound expansion of BBC Africa, the BBC World Service is introducing a wide range of new and exciting language and regional content… November 5, 2019 In "Gists" The BBC is an international multimedia broadcaster on radio, TV, online and social networks with a weekly global audience of 320 million. As part of an historic multi-million pound expansion of BBC Africa, the BBC World Service is introducing a wide range of new and exciting language and regional content… June 21, 2019 In "Jobs" The BBC is an international multimedia broadcaster on radio, TV, online and social networks with a weekly global audience of 320 million. As part of an historic multi-million pound expansion of BBC Africa, the BBC World Service is introducing a wide range of new and exciting language and regional content… July 19, 2019 In "Jobs"