Sure Foundation Polytechnic (SFP), Ikot Akai is a unique institution in Akwa Ibom State. It is the FIRST private polytechnic in Akwa Ibom State that is starting with NBTE/FME Approval and License to operate. We are the FIRST approved polytechnic in the former Abak Division, the most equipped in terms of Laboratories and workshops. SFP is founded on its permanent site and built according to its master plan. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Technologist II 2. Senior Technologist Location: Akwa IbomEmployment Type: Full TimeSpecialization: Electrical Power Engineering Details Requirements SalaryNGN40,000 – 55,000 / Month Application Closing Date15th October, 2020. The post Technologist II and Senior Technologist at Sure Foundation Polytechnic (SFP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Sure Foundation Polytechnic (SFP), Ikot Akai is a unique institution in Akwa Ibom State. It is the FIRST private polytechnic in Akwa Ibom State that is starting with NBTE/FME Approval and License to operate. We are the FIRST approved polytechnic in the former Abak Division, the most equipped in terms… February 25, 2020 In "Gists" Sure Foundation Polytechnic (SFP), Ikot Akai is a unique institution in Akwa Ibom State. It is the FIRST private polytechnic in Akwa Ibom State that is starting with NBTE/FME Approval and License to operate. We are the FIRST approved polytechnic in the former Abak Division, the most equipped in terms… October 2, 2020 In "Jobs" Sure Foundation Polytechnic (SFP), Ikot Akai is a unique institution in Akwa Ibom State. It is the FIRST private polytechnic in Akwa Ibom State that is starting with NBTE/FME Approval and License to operate. We are the FIRST approved polytechnic in the former Abak Division, the most equipped in terms… July 2, 2019 In "Jobs"