Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to cater for guest service requirements; ensuring guest stay is both pleasant & unforgettable, we combine the experience of our team which represents a breadth and depth of expertise that is unmatched, and we believe our people are the cornerstone of our success. We are committed to making our place a great place to work and provide the foundation for building successful careers. If you share our passion for delivering unequal hospitality service where details matter, apply today to join our team. We are currently recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 13th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 15th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 19th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Bolton White Hotels & Apartments appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to… October 16, 2018 In "Jobs" Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to… November 14, 2018 In "Jobs" Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to… June 19, 2018 In "Jobs"