Updates on the expected departures of a pair of Chelsea stars have been forthcoming online on Sunday, as the transfer deadline inches ever closer. The first surrounds Tiemoue Bakayoko. French midfielder Bakayoko has been on the books of Chelsea since 2017, after the Premier League giants snapped the 26-year-old up on the back of a stellar campaign with Monaco. To say that his spell in southwest London has since proven a disappointment, though, would be putting it lightly. On the back of a 2nd consecutive loan spell away from the club last season, Bakayoko since returned to Chelsea this past summer. With the likes of N’Golo Kante, Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and even youngster Billy Gilmour to compete with for a spot in Frank Lampard’s midfield, though, it had always appeared unlikely that the former Rennes man would be reintegrated back into the first-team picture at Stamford Bridge. In turn, a number of clubs have been tipped to swoop for Bakayoko of late, AC Milan and PSG chief among them. But, if the latest word stemming from the European media today is to be believed, then the Frenchman in fact looks set for a move to Naples. As revealed by transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Bakayoko is on the verge of joining Gennaro Gattuso’s Napoli on loan for the season ahead. The Partenopei are not expected to secure an option to buy. Tiemoué Bakayoko from Chelsea to Napoli is a done deal, confirmed. He’s just landed in Napoli to complete his medicals and sign his contract on loan until June 2021. No buy option.  #CFC #Napoli @DiMarzio — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) October 4, 2020 The 2nd player set for an imminent departure from southwest London, meanwhile, is Malang Sarr. French stopper Sarr only made the move to Chelsea this past summer as a free agent, following the expiration of his contract with Nice. The widespread assumption, though, was always that the 21-year-old would be swiftly farmed out on loan, to develop further ahead of a return to Stamford Bridge down the line. And, in an update surrounding the situation on Sunday, Sarr’s loan destination appears to have been revealed. As first reported by French outlet Le10Sport, and since backed further in the Portuguese media, the Chelsea starlet is all set for a move to Porto. Sarr is also said to have been courted by the likes of Saint-Etienne and Sampdoria, but, in the end, opted to give his word to the Primeira Liga giants: EXCLU – Mercato – ASSE : Malang Sarr file à Porto ! https://t.co/ggRfElRGyu pic.twitter.com/usTp4r0eeP — le10sport (@le10sport) October 4, 2020 Ben Chilwell shows exactly what Chelsea have been missing at left-back as Blues see off Crystal Palace Aston Villa vs Liverpool live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. A major update surrounding the future of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has been forthcoming online on Sunday. Uncertain Blues role Italian international Jorginho is currently in a somewhat precarious spot in southwest London. The 28-year-old was of course afforded starts in Chelsea’s first two Premier League outings of the campaign. Frank… September 27, 2020 In "Sports" Chelsea completed the signing of French international midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko from Monaco, the Premier League champions announced on Saturday. Bakayoko The 22-year-old joined Antonio Conte’s Chelsea on a five-year contract for a reported fee of up to £39.7 million ($51.98m, 45.3m euros) after helping the principality side win the Ligue… July 15, 2017 In "News" Chelsea look set to put the disappointment of losing out on Romelu Lukaku by signing French midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko, according to the British media on Thursday. The 22-year-old — who played a pivotal role in Monaco winning the French title and reaching the Champions League semi-finals last season — will… July 13, 2017 In "News"