Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care. Our computerized systems ensure confidentiality and continuity. We aim to set a standard for medical care hence we continue updating and upgrading to ensure that you get the best. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: Not Specified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 8th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 7th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Abuja Clinics appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care.… October 3, 2019 In "Gists" Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care.… July 11, 2019 In "Jobs" Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care.… December 14, 2019 In "Gists"