The Merseyside Police department have confirmed that an investigation has been opened, after Everton stars Jordan Pickford and Richarlison were subjected to offensive tweets on the back of Saturday’s Merseyside derby. Rivalries were renewed over the weekend, when Everton welcomed Liverpool to Goodison Park for a Premier League showdown. The clash came as one of the most highly anticipated between the clubs in some time, with the hosts having of course been sitting pretty atop the English top-flight ahead of kick-off. Champions Liverpool, on the other hand, headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, on the back of a shock 7-2 drubbing at the hands of Aston Villa. When all was said and done at Goodison, however, unfortunately, the main talking point did not surround the thrilling, action-packed 90 minutes, which eventually played out into a 2-2 draw. Instead, focus was directed towards a pair of horror challenges, one of which has since resulted in Virgil van Dijk being ruled out for the foreseeable future. Virgil van Dijk will undergo surgery on the knee injury sustained during Saturday’s 2-2 draw at @Everton. Following surgery, Virgil will begin a rehabilitation programme to enable him to reach full fitness as soon as possible. You’ll come back stronger, @VirgilvDijk — Liverpool FC (@LFC) October 18, 2020 The controversial challenges in question came courtesy of Jordan Pickford and Richarlison, with most of the opinion that both Toffees stars, rather than just the latter, should have seen red for their actions: “He could have easily been sent off.” “I’m very surprised it’s just been forgotten about?” Jordan Pickford’s challenge on Virgil van Dijk did not look good Should VAR have stepped in after this? pic.twitter.com/wTcW6CHcIf — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 17, 2020 With Thiago Alcantara having since also been ruled out of Liverpool’s meeting with Ajax on Wednesday night, meanwhile, it has not come as too much of a surprise to see the two Everton stars targeted by fans of their cross-town rivals. As outlined above, however, evidently, some of the abuse directed at both Pickford and Richarlison has crossed the line. In fact, so intense has the reaction across social media become, that a police investigation has today been formally opened into the matter. An official statement on the part of the Merseyside police department on Monday evening confirmed that ‘a number of offensive Tweets’ have been identified, which could well result in serious repercussions for those responsible: ‘We are currently investigating a number of offensive Tweets made in relation to two Everton footballers.’ ‘The language used in the Tweets is totally unacceptable and we are taking the reports extremely seriously.’ ‘Those who use the internet to target others, and who commit criminal offences such as making threats or committing a hate crime in doing so, are not beyond the law.’ ‘Detectives are making enquiries to identity the individuals who posted the Tweets and where we identify offences we will take action to bring those responsible to justice.’ Offensive tweets aimed at @Everton footballers @JPickford1 and @richarlison97 are being investigated by @MerseyPolice They say “the language used in the Tweets is totally unacceptable and we are taking the reports extremely seriously” pic.twitter.com/8HlFaczY3y — BBC Radio Merseyside (@bbcmerseyside) October 19, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.