Kuddy Cosmetics – For over 40 years, Kuddy Cosmetics has been a leading name in the beauty and makeup industry in Nigeria with an availability of over 50,000 skincare and makeup products on shelves in 15 locations in Nigeria. All products are carefully selected to meet the various needs and requirements of all our consumers. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Location: Ikorodu, LagosEmployment Type: Full time Job DescriptionWe seek a candidate who has a passion for the beauty industry and cosmetics exhibits Confidence, Personable and sociable, good at engaging with people.and able to provide excellent customer service. Job Duties / Responsibilities Application Closing Date30th October, 2020. The post Sales Representative at Kuddy Cosmetics appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Workforce Group – Our client, a top player in the cosmetics industry is currently looking for individuals that can attend to their customers, sell the appropriate company products, and deliver exceptional customer service experience. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Executive Sales Professional (Instore) Location: Nigeria… July 21, 2020 In "Jobs" Isabelle Cosmetics Limited – A fast-growing indigenous Cosmetics company with Headquarter in Lagos has an immediate opening at EASTERN REGION for a qualified candidates to fill the advertise position below: Job Title: Sales Coordinator Location: Anambra Job Descriptions Ensure that the team meets and exceed the expectation of the company goals… November 21, 2019 In "Gists" Winco Foam Industries Limited is a wholly indigenous private limited company incorporated on March 18th 1983. The company since 1978 has been operating in Nigeria as one of the leading commercial organizations involved in so many activities including foam manufacturing and trading activities. We are recruiting experienced and qualified candidates… July 5, 2019 In "Jobs"