The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance to the least developed countries. It promotes technical and investment cooperation among nations. Headquartered in New York City, the status of UNDP is that of an executive board within the United Nations General Assembly. The UNDP is funded entirely by voluntary contributions from UN member states. The organization operates in 177 countries, where it works with local governments to meet development challenges and develop local capacity. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job ID: 33296Location: Maiduguri, BornoGrade: NOBPractice Area – Job Family: Management – ProgrammeVacancy Type: FTA LocalPosting Type: Common SystemBureau: AfricaContract Duration: 1 Year with possibility for extension BackgroundSince 2009, nearly 15 million people in Nigeria´s North-East have been affected by the conflict with Jama’atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda’awati Wal-Jihad (JAS), a Non-State Armed Group (NSAG), labelled by the media and commonly referred to as “Boko Haram”, and the resulting military operations in North-East Nigeria. The conflict became particularly intense in 2013, leading to the loss of an estimated 30,000 lives and the displacement of over 1.8 million people. Current numbers of active members within the NSAGs are not known but estimates range from 5,000 to 20,000. The number of detainees under military control is estimated at around 7,000 with the number expected to rise as counter insurgency efforts continue and avenues for surrender become more viable. The past years have brought significant progress on the military front. NSAGs no longer control vast swathes of territory and have taken to asymmetric warfare to deal with the evolving military campaign. Despite these successes, the number and sophistication of insurgency attacks have been on the rise since early December 2018. The military campaign therefore continues to be essential in the foreseeable future. In addition, those associated with NSAGs must see a way out of the groups, be given opportunities for viable alternatives to violent extremism and seek change through peaceful means. In parallel, the process of reconciliation between low-risk former NSAG associates including children and women who have participated in Government-led rehabilitation programmes and the many conflict-affected communities and victims of the groups must start. From experience to date in the North-East, it is clear that community-based reconciliation and transitional justice processes are important but not sufficient for achieving peace. Besides establishing a minimum level of safety and security in the community, action is required to strengthen individual livelihoods, community social and productive infrastructure and public services before the actual process of reintegration of former NSAG associates can take place. Community consultations across the Northeast of Nigeria conducted by the project partners in 2017 and 2018 confirm the need for a comprehensive approach that lays the foundations for successful reintegration through a community-driven and state-owned “Disengagement, Disassociation, Reintegration and Reconciliation (DDRR)” process. The Government of Nigeria also recognizes that reintegration must include non-state security providers, such as the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) and other vigilante groups. For reintegration to be successful it needs to go hand-in-hand with community-level reconciliation to promote an increased understanding for and acceptance of low-risk former associates and victims. Though community engagement is a gradual trust-building process, done in the right way, however, it can support the creation of a common vision for the future and lay foundations for reconciliation and reintegration interventions. The UNDP / UNICEF / IOM “Support for Reconciliation and Reintegration of Former Armed Non-State combatants and Boko Haram Associates (S2R) project is funded by EU and aims to achieve the following objectives: At present, UNDP wants to recruit a Community Engagment Analyst to led and coordinate the UNDP-specific S2R project community enagment activities. The Community Engagment Analyst is responsible for the overall implementation the UNDP-specific S2R component of the Action. The Community Engagment Analyst will work closely with the State Government, UN agencies, and CSOs operating in the project areas. Duties and Responsibilities Impact of Results: CompetenciesCorporate Competencies: Functional Competencies: Required Skills and ExperienceEducation and Certificate: Experience: Language Requirements: Application Closing Date3rd November, 2020 (Midnight New York, USA) The post Community Engagement Analyst at the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.