Avenir Health, formerly Futures Institute, was founded in 2006 as a global health organization that works to enhance social and economic development by providing tools and technical assistance in policy, planning, resource allocation and evaluation. In particular, we focus on developing and implementing demographic, epidemiological and costing models for long-range planning to assist with setting goals, strategies, and objectives. We assist in both developing and implementing programs in HIV/AIDS, reproductive health, maternal health and other programming areas. We work with government agencies, foundations, corporations, and nongovernmental organizations around the world. Areas of program concentration include family planning and reproductive health, maternal and child health, the prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS, and infectious diseases. With staff based in the United States and Africa, we work collaboratively with our in-country counterparts to improve policies and programs that address population issues, reproductive health, HIV/AIDS, infectious diseases, and maternal and child health. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Locations: Bauchi, Kebbi and Sokoto Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 12th October, 2020. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Avenir Health appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Society for Family Health (SFH) is one of the leading non-governmental public health organisations in Nigeria, implementing programmes in Reproductive Health/Family Planning, HIV & AIDS prevention and treatment, malaria prevention and treatment, primary health care system strengthening and maternal, newborn and child health care. We work in partnership with the… August 5, 2019 In "Jobs" Palladium is a global leader in the design, development and delivery of Positive Impact – the intentional creation of enduring social and economic value. We work with foundations, investors, governments, corporations, communities and civil society to formulate strategies and implement solutions that generate lasting social, environmental and financial benefits. We… April 7, 2020 In "Gists" The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), the leading UN organization in Reproductive Health and Population and Development, is recruiting personnel for the vacant position below: Job Title: Sexual Reproductive Health Analyst – NOB Job ID: 25374 Locations: Gombe and Akwa Ibom 3 Openings and Abuja Contract Type: Fixed Term Appointment Full/Part… August 14, 2019 In "Jobs"