Integrated Warehousing Services Limited was established to provide Comprehensive Warehousing Services, Control and Risk Management Services to Banks and Non-Banks Financiers for Custody Transfer, Receipt and Release of pledged imported or locally sourced goods. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Deadline: 30th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 1st November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 1st November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 1st November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Integrated Warehousing Services Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Integrated Warehousing Services Limited was established to provide Comprehensive Warehousing Services, Control and Risk Management Services to Banks and Non-Banks Financiers for Custody Transfer, Receipt and Release of pledged imported or locally sourced goods. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Warehouse/ Logistics Manager Location: Lagos Click… October 17, 2019 In "Gists" (A).Â Integrated Warehousing Services Limited Integrated Warehousing Services Limited was established to provide Comprehensive Warehousing Services, Control and Risk Management Services to Banks and Non-Banks Financiers for Custody Transfer, Receipt and Release of pledged imported or locally sourced goods. 1.Â Driver Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Receptionist/ Front… June 6, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Health Strategy and Delivery Foundation The Health Strategy and Delivery Foundation (HSDF), is a non-profit firm established in December 2013. The organisation was established to improve the quality of decision-making and execution in the health sector. 1. Communications Officer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Senior Finance Officer… October 17, 2019 In "Gists"