Nigerian NewsDirect is a National Daily newspaper with over 7 years on news stands nationwide. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Ogun Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Abuja, Lagos, Port Harcourt – Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Unspecified Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Abuja, Lagos, Port Harcourt – Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Unspecified. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date Not Specified. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Nigerian NewsDirect Newspaper appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Nigerian NewsDirect, a National Daily newspaper with over 7 years on news stands nationwide is in need of aggressive candidates to fill the following positions below: 1. Adverts Manager Location: Nigeria Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Editor Location: Nigeria Click Here to Read Job Details… December 3, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Concept Group The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Equipment Leasing and Financial Intermediary Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise Software Development Company, Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. 1. Senior Talent Acquisition and Engagement… December 3, 2019 In "Gists" Ascentech Services Limited is currently recruiting on behalf of her clients in various sectors to fill the following positions below: 1. Admin Manager Location: Lagos Deadline: 10th December, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Sales Promoter Location: Abuja Deadline: 10th December, 2020. Click Here to Read… July 27, 2020 In "Jobs"