Marina Granovskaia’s tough stance on Callum Hudson-Odoi’s proposed loan switch to Bayern Munich forced the Bundesliga club to pull out of the deal. Chelsea allowed a number of players to leave on deadline day, with the likes of Tiemoue Bakayoko and Ruben Loftus-Cheek completing loan moves. But Hudson-Odoi will remain at Stamford Bridge this season, despite further interest from Bayern Munich. READ MORE: One per Premier League club: The ones that got away The England international signed a new Chelsea contract last season to end speculation he would swap London for Munich, but Bayern came back in for him this summer. Manager Hansi Flick confirmed their interest. “He is one of the greatest talents on the position,” Flick said. “Therefore it is legitimate that we at Bayern Munich deal with him.” However, Bayern ultimately failed in a loan deal that reportedly included a £70million option to sign him permanently at the end of the season. And Chelsea fans have Granovskaia to thank. Sport Bild report that the clauses the Chelsea director wanted to include put the treble-winning champions off. These included – but what were not limited to – a penalty clause if he didn’t play enough games, and an obligation (not an option) to buy the winger for £70million if he reached a certain number of appearances. Granovskaia’s stance will have pleased Frank Lampard, who hailed the academy product’s contribution in Chelsea’s 4-0 win over Crystal Palace. “Callum is absolutely part of my plans here. We have [Christian] Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech injured before Christian came back in today. We need options and what Callum showed today and the second half against West Brom is exactly what he needs to show,” Lampard said. “I am pleased with him.” The post How Granovskaia’s hardball stance put Bayern off Hudson-Odoi appeared first on Football News –. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. As per a report from the Daily Mail, German heavyweights Bayern Munich are set to make another attempt to sign Chelsea wonderkid Callum Hudson-Odoi, as they look to beat competition from fellow Bundesliga side RB Leipzig. The 18-year-old winger is one of the most highly-rated players to have come through… January 26, 2019 In "News" Callum Hudson-Odoi is keen to get ‘assurances’ over his amount of playing time next season asÂ ChelseaÂ look to tie the star to a new deal. WithÂ Eden HazardÂ leaving in a Â£130million deal toÂ Real MadridÂ this summer, Hudson-Odoi will look to take the Belgian’s spot in the starting side. The teenager,Â according to the Sun,… June 12, 2019 In "News" A report from England on Tuesday has cast doubt over Callum Hudson-Odoi’s future at Chelsea. Hudson-Odoi struggling for minutes Said report comes on the back of CHO seemingly falling down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge. During the early months of 2020, the winger was quite a regular feature for… September 22, 2020 In "Sports"