Sylken Limited is an indigenous pharmaceutical company in Nigeria, based in Lagos. It was incorporated on the 25th March 1999 with RC No. 353658.The operational philosophy of Sylken Limited is to bring quality healthcare to the doorstep of all Nigerians and indeed the African continent. The company loves to build families (couples), focusing on men, women, and children. Our quality natural health products are directed towards promoting overall health, combating degenerative diseases, and providing adjunctive nutritional support in the case of specific health conditions. All products marketed by our company are fully registered with the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC). The company is uncompromising in its pursuit of products and innovations to assist those seeking optimal health through outstanding dietary supplements. As a progressive caring company, we are determined to provide products that are based on sound scientific information that combines the pure and vital ingredients of Mother Nature. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: NationwideEmployment Type: Full-time Job Description Requirements Application Closing Date15th November, 2020 The post Medical Sales Representatives at Sylken Limited – Nationwide appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Sylken Limited – Our Pharmaceutical delivers quality natural care through the use of natural products all manufactured in the United States of America under the brand name “NATURE’S FIELD”. Our primary commitments are quality, safety and efficacy and we guarantee every step in the manufacture of our products in line… March 5, 2020 In "Gists" Sylken Limited – Our Pharmaceutical delivers quality natural care through the use of natural products all manufactured in the United States of America under the brand name “NATURE’S FIELD”. Our primary commitments are quality, safety and efficacy and we guarantee every step in the manufacture of our products in line… July 14, 2020 In "Jobs" Sylken Limited – We are a leading Nigerian pharmaceutical company with a world-class pharmaceutical laboratory in the United States of America that produces a wide range of nutraceutical products consumed by millions of Nigerians Nationwide. As part of our growth strategy, we urgently require some high skilled and smart professionals… October 19, 2019 In "Gists"