Sunday’s marquee Premier League tie was played out a short time ago. The clash saw Tottenham play host to London rivals West Ham United. Both sides headed into proceedings in solid form, with Spurs’ previous outing, of course, having seen Jose Mourinho’s men dispatch of Manchester United by six goals to one. As for West Ham, after a slow start to the campaign, they had since secured comprehensive wins over both Wolves and Leicester City. As a result, both outfits no doubt fancied their chances of getting something from Sunday’s tie. And, when all was said and done at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the spoils were indeed shared. The tie started in fairly bright fashion with both sides registering shots on target inside the first minute. It would be Tottenham who made it count though, with Harry Kane and Heung-Min Son once again linking up. The Englishman produced another spectacular long ball for Son to run on to. The South Korean than had little issues cutting inside and slotting past Lukas Fabianski: So easy for #THFC! Harry Kane launches a long ball forward and Heung-min Son does the rest! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #TOTWHU here: https://t.co/bSojQP9BHxDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/tS2cd7gwgO — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 18, 2020 Aaron Creswell came close to levelling the score inside five minutes but his free-kick curled just wide of Hugo Lloris’ post. However, just minutes after said chance, Harry Kane was once again causing the Hammers all sorts of problems. The Spurs captain previously provider, this time turned goalscorer – nutmegging Declan Rice before smashing in the Lilywhites’ second of the day: – “It’s shocking defending from West Ham again!”#WHUFC are all over the place as Kane doubles #THFC‘s lead! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #TOTWHU here: https://t.co/bSojQP9BHxDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/kTOCbtVv2q — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 18, 2020 The north Londoners onslaught continued 15 minutes in, with Harry Kane once again involved. Sergio Reguilon burst down the left flank before whipping in a lovely cross to Kane, who headed in his second of the afternoon. It’s  for Spurs inside  minutes! #WHUFC‘s defensive issues continues as Harry Kane nods in his 2nd! Watch on Sky Sports PLFollow #TOTWHU here: https://t.co/bSojQP9BHxDownload the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/lyGb7biN3l — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 18, 2020 Son then nearly added his second of the day with 10 minutes of the first half remaining, but Fabianski did well to close down the attacker. The first 45 drew to a close with Mourinho’s outfit head and shoulders above their opponents. The second half began with West Ham much improved, with Soucek’s acrobatic effort representing a great chance for the Hammers to pull one back early on. Pablo Fornals then really should have made it 3-1. But the Spaniard guided his header, which was from about three yards out, over the bar. West Ham continued to pressure Spurs, with Davinson Sanchez forced to block another headed effort from Soucek. Spurs’ first decent chance of the second period saw Fabianski tip a long-range Kane effort round the post with an hour on the clock. Then, with just under 20 minutes of normal time to play, Mourinho finally handed Bale his long-awaited second debut for the club. The Welshman’s first touch of the tie saw him hit a rather tame free-kick straight at West Ham’s no.1. Kane then smashed his effort of Fabianski’s post as he went in search of his hat-trick. It would be David Moyes’ men who found the next goal of the game, though, as Fabian Balbuena pulled one back 82 minutes in, rising highest to node home a Creswell free-kick. And just moments later, West Ham somehow had a second, as Davinson Sanchez headed the ball into his own net, handing the visitors a huge life-line. The efforts did look to have come as little more than consolation goals, though. That was until the dying seconds of the tie when Manuel Lanzini rifled a spectacular effort into the roof of Hugo Lloris’ net to complete a sensational comeback. From 3-0 down, #WHUFC snatch a draw against #THFC thanks to a 94th minute rocket from Manuel Lanzini! #TOTWHU pic.twitter.com/8lDIHgH6EW — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 18, 2020 Before such a spectacular collapse, there was talk of Tottenham potentially being in with an outside chance of challenging for the Premier League title this term. Despite the Covid-19 pandemic, Spurs were able to conduct some solid business in the latest window, improving/ strengthening in pretty much every area they were previously lacking in. This has seen Jose Mourinho and co. build, arguably, one of the strongest squads in the Premier League. It is also worth noting that Tottenham were without all of Giovani Lo Celso, Eric Dier and Joe Rodon on Sunday. And if Tottenham can avoid long-term injuries to the likes of Kane and Son this season, a case could certainly be made that they should be title-challenging this campaign. Especially given that the rest of the big clubs look to be undergoing something of a transitional period. Chelsea, for example, need to sort out their defensive issues before challenging for the league, whilst Manchester City’s form has been pretty patchy for around a year now. And though Liverpool are still probably favourites for the title, with Virgil van Dijk looking set to be out for a lengthy period, you would imagine this will greatly hinder Jurgen Klopp and co., in the same way losing Aymeric Laporte cost Man City in 2019/20. However, if Mourinho and co. do wish to compete with the likes of Man City and Liverpool, they simply cannot collapse the way they did on Sunday evening. Gareth Bale probably should have killed the game off late on, but regardless, conceding three goals in such a short space of time after dominating the tie is simply not good enough. But as mentioned above, with no Premier League side really looking at their best this season, the title race remains wide open. See also: Leeds United vs Wolverhampton Wanderers FC betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds West Brom vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.