What could well prove to be the most one-sided result across Europe’s top leagues this season played out in the Netherlands this afternoon. The clash in question saw Ajax make the trip to the De Koel Stadium, for an Eredivisie meeting with VVV-Venlo. Erik ten Hag’s men headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, having fallen to defeat at the hands of Liverpool in the club’s Champions League opener during the week. And, when all was said and done, it is safe to say that bounce back is exactly what Ajax managed. An absolutely staggering 90 minutes of football in Venlo eventually saw the visitors emerge with a 13 (yes, thirteen)-0 victory. Jurgen Ekkelenkamp set the Dutch champions on their way with 12 minutes on the clock, before a Lassina Traore double was followed by Dusan Tadic’s solitary strike of the afternoon to send Ajax in at the break 4 goals to the good. The clash then swung even further in favour of the away side with 52 minutes gone, when Christian Kum was given his marching orders. No one, though, could have predicted the onslaught that was set to follow. The closing 35 minutes of action saw all of the aforementioned Traore (3), Ekkelenkamp, Antony, Daley Blind, substitute Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (2) and Lisandro Martinez add to the scoreline, to send Ajax back to the summit of the Eredivisie table in the most convincing fashion imaginable. +3#vvvaja — AFC Ajax (@AFCAjax) October 24, 2020 Whilst others of course impressed en route to one of the most lopsided results in recent football memory, none on the pitch at the De Koel Stadium provided a more telling contribution than Lassina Traore. The teenage attacker was in irresistible form this afternoon, directly contributing to 8 goals – 5 of his own, to go along with 3 assists. Unsurprisingly, meanwhile, it has since also been revealed that Ajax set an Eredivisie record in their drubbing of VVV-Venlo. The 13 goals netted by ten Hag’s men represent the most ever by a club in a single Dutch top-flight fixture, with Ajax having actually surpassed their own mark from almost 50 years ago: 13 – @AFCAjax are the first team ever to score 13 goals in a single Eredivisie game, breaking their own record from May 1972 (12-1 v Vitesse). Record. pic.twitter.com/rFaH9nh7hn — OptaJohan (@OptaJohan) October 24, 2020 Ajax made history today Biggest Eredivisie win EVER First team in a 10 years to score 10 in a Eredivisie game Lacina Traore got a hat trick of goals AND assists Klaas Jan Huntelaar came on as a sub & scored 2 goals in 2 minutes Incredible scenes  pic.twitter.com/9iw1pfC1kI — talkSPORT (@talkSPORT) October 24, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.