CK10 Continental & Suites is Located in Magboro, a modern outskirt town of Lagos- Nigeria’s ever growing commercial capital, CK10 Continental & Suites takes you away from the central din and traffic of Lagos city, to a restful and relaxed ambiance. CK10 Hotel is commissioned on a 7-hectare land mass featuring two swimming pools, pool bar, VIP pool bar, Open bar Executive lounge, restaurant, Laundry, Super market, pharmacy, game center, Unisex Saloon, Spar, Fitness gym, Photography studio, Live Video Recording Studio, Recording Studio, Music Rehearsal Studio, A Fully Air-conditioned Conference room for meetings and a sound-proof event hall suitable for both corporate meetings as well as social engagements. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location:Magboro, LagosEmployment Type: Full-time Requirements Application Closing Date7th November, 2020. The post Water Production Manager at CK10 Continental and Suites Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. CK10 Continental & Suites is Located in Magboro, a modern outskirt town of Lagos- Nigeria’s ever growing commercial capital, CK10 Continental & Suites takes you away from the central din and traffic of Lagos city, to a restful and relaxed ambiance. CK10 Hotel is commissioned on a 7-hectare land mass… October 30, 2020 In "Jobs" The 155 room Radisson Blu Hotel, Lagos Ikeja offers a choice of contemporary standard, deluxe and executive rooms. Avalon Intercontinental Nigeria Limited, an international independent hotel group hereby announces a partnership with Radisson Blu Hotel, a global hotel chain within the Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group; one of the world’s fastest… January 11, 2018 In "News" If you love the view of water and of the city, these hotels will give you the best breathtaking view you can ask for. Lagos has got one of the beautiful seasides structures in the country where you can literally enjoy a relaxed, cool evening and the view of the… July 10, 2017 In "News"