Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff that provides excellent care. Our computerized systems ensure confidentiality and continuity. We aim to set a standard for medical care hence we continue updating and upgrading to ensure that you get the best. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Abuja (FCT)Employment Type: Full-time Job Summary Essential Duties and Responsibilities Minimum Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Application Closing Date8th November, 2020. The post System Administrator at Abuja Clinics appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care.… October 22, 2020 In "Jobs" Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care.… October 12, 2018 In "Jobs" Abuja Clinics is a world class health facility dedicated to providing all your health needs, not only curative but also preventive. We boast of cutting edge equipment which aid in the diagnosis and treatment of medical and surgical conditions. We have highly trained and dedicated staff who provide excellent care.… May 31, 2019 In "Jobs"