Arsenal captain and star man Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has reportedly been forced to withdraw from international duty due to injury. Aubameyang has been a key member of the Gabon national team set-up for some time now. In total, the 31-year-old has netted 20 goals in 51 appearances. He is also the country’s captain. And though Gabon were not set for competitive action during the current international break, they did have a friendly meeting with Benin lined up this coming Sunday. Aubameyang, however, looks set to play no part in that clash. As per James Benge of football.london, the prolific attacker was forced to withdraw from the Gabonese squad due to a small ankle sprain. Luckily for Arsenal, though, the injury does not appear to be overly serious, with it added that Aubameyang was able to take part in training with the Gunners on Wednesday: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang withdrew from the Gabon squad due to a small ankle sprain. He was able to take part in training with Arsenal yesterday. — James Benge (@jamesbenge) October 8, 2020 Whilst no official word has yet been forthcoming from the club regarding his fitness, it appears likely that Aubameyang will be available for Arsenal’s next clash. And the Gunners will no doubt need to be at full strength if they hope to pick up all three points, with the matchup in question coming in the form of a trip to Manchester City. The north Londoners have a pretty dismal record when it comes to taking on Pep Guardiola’s City. The club’s fans, though, will no doubt take comfort in the fact that Mikel Arteta managed to guide Arsenal to a 2-0 victory over the Citizens in the FA Cup semi-final back in July. See also: Barcelona considered Maitland-Niles before landing Dest/ Arteta ‘key’ to Englishman staying at Arsenal Barcelona considered Maitland-Niles before landing Dest/ Arteta ‘key’ to Englishman staying at Arsenal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.