CK10 Continental & Suites is Located in Magboro, a modern outskirt town of Lagos- Nigeria’s ever growing commercial capital, CK10 Continental & Suites takes you away from the central din and traffic of Lagos city, to a restful and relaxed ambiance. CK10 Hotel is commissioned on a 7-hectare land mass featuring two swimming pools, pool bar, VIP pool bar, Open bar Executive lounge, restaurant, Laundry, Super market, pharmacy, game center, Unisex Saloon, Spar, Fitness gym, Photography studio, Live Video Recording Studio, Recording Studio, Music Rehearsal Studio, A Fully Air-conditioned Conference room for meetings and a sound-proof event hall suitable for both corporate meetings as well as social engagements. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location:Magboro, LagosEmployment Type: Full-time Requirements Application Closing Date7th November, 2020. The post Accountant at CK10 Continental and Suites Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The 155 room Radisson Blu Hotel, Lagos Ikeja offers a choice of contemporary standard, deluxe and executive rooms. Avalon Intercontinental Nigeria Limited, an international independent hotel group hereby announces a partnership with Radisson Blu Hotel, a global hotel chain within the Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group; one of the world’s fastest… January 11, 2018 In "News" TVC News, a member of TVC Communications, on Friday unveiled a brand-new high definition news studio at its headquarters in Lagos, Nigeria.  Following substantial investment in studio operations and mobile digital satellite technology, TVC News says it is now positioned to become the home of breaking news for Nigeria, ensuring… February 19, 2019 In "Gists" Swiss International D’Palms Airport Hotels – We are a boutique style luxury property located in the heart of the city of Lagos, Nigeria. We offer 112 exclusive and affordable luxury rooms and suites to our distinguished guests. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Accountant Location: Lagos Requirements… March 24, 2020 In "Gists"