 The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the immediate mobilization of all police operational assets and resources to bring an end to the wanton violence, killings, looting and destruction of public and private property in parts of the country. In a statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, on Saturday, the IGP directed that the public space be reclaimed from criminal elements masquerading as protesters. The IGP gave the order to all Assistant Inspectors General of Police (AIGs), Commissioners of Police (CPs), Heads of Police Operational Units, Squadron and Base Commanders in charge of Zonal/State/FCT Commands, the Police Mobile Force, Counter Terrorism Unit and the Special Protection Unit. Read Also: Oyetola imposes indefinite curfew amid looting spree “In addition, CPs/Heads of Police Formations in the various states have also been charged to mobilize their men and work in sync with the Command CPs in the areas where they are domiciled, to dominate the public space and ensure peace and safety in the affected areas. “The IGP, while noting that enough is enough to all acts of lawlessness, disruption of public peace and order and wanton violence which have resulted to indiscriminate looting of shops, malls and ware houses, damage to property and loss of lives in some parts of the country, further directs the Police strategic managers to personally lead and coordinate the operation and use all legitimate means, to halt further slide into lawlessness and brigandage. “The IGP enjoins law-abiding citizens not to panic but rather join forces with the police and other members of the law enforcement community to protect their communities from the criminal elements. “He further calls for the understanding and cooperation of the citizens assuring that the action is geared towards ensuring public order and safety and public security in our communities. “The IGP however warns trouble-makers not to test the collective will of the nation by coming out to cause any further breakdown of law and order,” Mba said.  Original Article IGP Mohammed Adamu •As Buhari approves decentralization of Force Dept •Creates 5 new commands By Kingsley Omonobi The Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, yesterday, ordered the immediate posting/deployment of eight police commissioners. The deployment came on a day President Muhammadu Buhari approved the reorganization of the Force Criminal Investigations… May 29, 2020 In "News" By Nicholas Kalu, Abuja Inspector General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu has ordered the posting of new police commissioners to four states. The commissioners and the states they are posted to are: Mobayo Babatunde (Ekiti), Edward Awolowo Ajogun (Ogun), Abdulkadir Jimoh (Cross River) and Okoli C. Michael (Bayelsa). Read Also:… July 23, 2020 In "News" By Nicholas Kalu, Abuja The Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, on Friday ordered the posting and redeployment of Assistant Inspectors General (AIG) of Police, Adeleye Olusola Oyebade and Ibrahim A. Lamorde, to the Department of Research and Planning and Directorate of Intelligence, Force Headquarters, Abuja, respectively. According to… July 3, 2020 In "News"