Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has spoken out over the goalkeeping situation at the club, on the back of another drama-filled outing this afternoon. The Blues welcomed Southampton to Stamford Bridge earlier today, for a Premier League clash. The matchup of course marked both sides’ first following the international break, with Chelsea having been hopeful of building on a dominant 4-0 downing of Crystal Palace in their last outing. When all was said and done in southwest London, however, the defensive shortcomings of the Londoners once again proved costly. Lampard’s men actually raced out to a 2-0 lead early on, as standout performer Timo Werner finally provided fans of his new club with a glimpse of his brilliant best. A wonderful solo effort inside the opening quarter of an hour was soon followed by a 2nd for the German, who latched on to Jorginho’s pass to calmly finish beyond Alex McCarthy. WERNER AGAIN! SUPERB! 2-0  [28′] #CHESOU pic.twitter.com/2dPbaxyMp7 — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) October 17, 2020 Southampton, however, hit back before the interval through star man Danny Ings, before levelling things up following a calamitous Chelsea mixup with 57 minutes on the clock. The hosts did swiftly retake the lead through Kai Havertz, on the back of some stellar link-up play between Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner, but, just when it looked as though all 3 points were in the bag, disaster struck. Yet another sub-par defensive sequence eventually resulted in Theo Walcott driving a cross-shot across goal, with Jannik Vestergaard having been on hand to nod home, securing a deserved share of the spoils for Southampton. Inevitably, on the back of the Blues’ latest collapse, much of the post-match talk surrounding Chelsea has centered on the club’s defensive woes. Frank Lampard’s men, as a unit, once again looked completely out of sorts when out of possession versus Southampton. One individual, though, to have since been singled out for more criticism than any other, is Kepa Arrizabalaga. The Spaniard was completely at fault for the 2nd goal conceded by Chelsea, having first missed his attempted clearance, before making a complete mess of his efforts to recover the situation. As such, speaking on the back of his side’s latest disappointing result, Frank Lampard was drawn on the struggles of his shot-stopper. The Blues boss, though, was keen to defend Kepa amid the storm surrounding his name, assuring that others were equally to blame this afternoon: ‘I was talking about Kepa before and he makes a couple of really good saves in the match.’ ‘But of course peoples’ eyes will be drawn to the second goal and I understand that because it wasn’t just Kepa who was involved in that goal. That is the unfortunate world of a goalkeeper.’ In turn, Lampard was of course also questioned on the fitness of summer signing Edouard Mendy, who picked up an injury whilst on international duty with Senegal last week. The 28-year-old, though, is expected to spend another ‘week or two’ on the sidelines: ‘Mendy is at the minute injured and probably will be fit in the next week or two weeks and then that will be the decision for me to make about who plays.’ Chelsea fans will be hoping Edouard Mendy will be back sooner rather than later. https://t.co/skyeRnQsFS — Chelsea FC News (@Chelsea_FL) October 17, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.