Reports from England recently have linked Manchester United with a move for Ajax’s Ryan Gravenberch. Gravenberch is just one of countless talents to have emerged from the famed Ajax academy over the years. At just 18 years of age, Gravenberch is still very raw and has a lot to learn in the footballing world. But despite his age, the Amsterdam-born midfielder has already begun to garner regular football with Ajax’s senior side. After impressing at youth level, Gravenberch was promoted to Ajax’s first-team last season. The Dutchman went on to float in and out of Erik ten Hag’s team last term. This campaign, though, has seen the youngster firmly cement himself in Ajax’s midfield ranks. All told, Gravenberch has managed to feature in six of Ajax’s eight outings this season, only missing out on two ties due to Covid-19. In said ties, the Netherlands under-21 international has provided two assists, including one in Ajax’s rather bizarre 13-0 victory last weekend: VVV-Venlo 0-13 Ajax Here’s proof that it actually happened pic.twitter.com/iEPFW3rX9L — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) October 25, 2020 Now, with just under three years left on his current contract, Gravenberch looks to be attracting interest from some of Europe’s elite clubs. According to the Mirror, Barcelona and Juventus are said to have registered an interest in the midfielder. But Gravenberch is also seemingly attracting attention from the Premier League, with the Mirror claiming that Manchester United are also keeping tabs on the young star. Interestingly, it is claimed that Gravenberch has signed with ‘super agent’ Mino Raiola, who, of course, is also the agent of Man United’s Paul Pogba. See also: Wolves vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Heart of Midlothian vs Hibernian betting tips: Scottish Cup semi-final preview, predictions and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.