Juventus boss Andrea Pirlo has provided an insight into the possibility of Cristiano Ronaldo returning to action in his side’s upcoming clash with Spezia. Portuguese superstar Ronaldo has not featured for the Bianconeri since the latest international break. This comes with the former Real Madrid man having returned a positive Covid-19 test upon his return to Turin two weeks ago. Ronaldo’s struggles to shake the virus have seen him miss all of Juve’s last four outings in all competitions, a stretch across which the Serie A champions have majorly struggled. Defeat at home to Barcelona during the week made it just one win from their last four, as Andrea Pirlo continues to come under increasing pressure just weeks into his managerial career. As such, the latest news regarding Ronaldo’s wellbeing no doubt came as music to the ears of the Juve boss. In a post across the club’s social media platforms last night, the Old Lady confirmed that, following a hefty 19 days, the 5-time Ballon d’Or winner had finally returned a negative coronavirus test: Cristiano Ronaldo carried out a check with a diagnostic test (swab) for Covid 19. The exam provided a negative result. The player has, therefore, recovered after 19 days and is no longer subjected to home isolation. . @Cristiano recovers from Covid-19https://t.co/4etecyAw0O pic.twitter.com/YPZSm0My8A — JuventusFC (@juventusfcen) October 30, 2020 In the aftermath of his recovery, however, what had since remained unclear was whether or not Ronaldo would be considered for selection this weekend. Juventus are set to visit the Stadio Dino Manuzzi tomorrow, for a meeting with minnows Spezia. As such, during his pre-match press conference this afternoon, Andrea Pirlo was inevitably drawn on if the Bianconeri faithful could be treated to the first glimpse of their star man in action for almost a month on Sunday. And, though the Italian tactician went on to confirm that Ronaldo will indeed be part of the travelling squad, he stopped short of revealing whether the veteran is likely to actually take to the pitch: ‘He arrived negative on the second swab and this morning he trained individually.’ ‘He will be with the team. I don’t believe he will play from the beginning. The important thing is having him. He trained at home, it’s very important that we take him with us.’ Quotes via Goal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.