Panagora Group, a woman-owned, small business providing novel and integrated solutions in global health and international development. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Panagora Group (15 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Panagora Group, a woman-owned, small business providing novel and integrated solutions in global health and international development, seeks a Communications Specialist to support the project’s knowledge management and communication activities in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the position below:     Job Title: Knowledge Management Specialist Location: Abuja Background… June 28, 2019 In "Jobs" Panagora Group is a woman-owned, small business providing novel and integrated solutions in global health and international development. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Job Title: Driver Job Opening ID: 527 Location: Abuja Employment Type: Full time Project / Activity: USAID / Nigeria Monitoring, Evaluation and Learning Industry:… October 8, 2020 In "Jobs" Catholic Relief Services (CRS) is an International non-governmental organization supporting relief and development work in over 99 countries around the world. CRS programs assist person on the basis of need, regardless of creed, ethnicity or nationality works through local church and non-church partners to implement its programs, therefore, strengthening and… November 5, 2019 In "Gists"