The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Financial Intermediary and Equipment Leasing Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise IT Solutions Company,Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. The genesis of The Concept Group was initially borne from a functional and structural approach, simply delivering better effectiveness through shared services of back office functions for its more market facing organizations. As the organization grew, the Group along with its member subsidiaries have evolved to embody much more. As a tested guiding light, our core values which we passionately uphold give us a sense of purpose and direction not only in our professional but in our private lives also. These values summarized are based on three pillars; (Great) People, (Continuous) Innovation and the (Ideal) Culture. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: LagosSpecialization: Human Resources Job Description/Duties Requirements Application Closing DateNot Specified (Till post is filled) The post Senior Learning and Development Executive at the Concept Group appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Financial Intermediary and Equipment Leasing Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise IT Solutions Company, Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. The genesis of The Concept Group was… October 5, 2020 In "Jobs" The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Financial Intermediary and Equipment Leasing Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise IT Solutions Company, Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. The genesis of The Concept Group was… October 5, 2020 In "Jobs" The Concept Group is a holding company for companies established in 1992. Subsidiaries under the Group include: Rosabon Financial Services – Nigeria’s Leading Financial Intermediary and Equipment Leasing Company, Concept Nova – Bespoke Enterprise IT Solutions Company, Percy Aitkins – Bureau De Change. The genesis of The Concept Group was… October 5, 2020 In "Jobs"