Arsenal’s Europa League campaign kicked off on Thursday evening. After clinching the 2020 FA Cup, the Gunners were put straight into the Europa League group stages, despite finishing 8th in the league. Arsenal would be drawn in Group B along with Molde, Dundalk and Rapid Wien. The north Londoners’ first European tie of the season saw them travel to Austria for a clash with the latter of that trio on Thursday. The headline news pre-match surrounded Thomas Partey being handed his first start as a Gunner. However, despite putting on a solid display, Partey could do little to influence Arsenal’s rather lackluster first half. The score at the break was 0-0, with Wien then taking the lead just six minutes into the second 45. To their credit though, after going 1-0 down, Arteta’s side stepped it up a gear with goals from David Luiz and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the 70th and 74th minute eventually seeing the Gunners fight back for a key three points. Aubameyang produces the goods again Arsenal have turned the game around in just three minutes… pic.twitter.com/bpnDEIySUg — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 22, 2020 Post-match, though, the main talking point was not Arsenal’s comeback, nor Partey. It was instead the rather questionable display of Bernd Leno. The German was most certainly at fault for Wien’s only goal of the game, with his attempt to play out from the back leading to an easy opener for the Austrian outfit: A costly defensive mistake from Arsenal Bernd Leno loses the ball in his own area and Fountas makes no mistake for Rapid Vienna! Work to do for the Gunners… pic.twitter.com/V2h0eSQmZW — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 22, 2020 This was followed by Leno making a similar mistake a few more times in the match, luckily for Arsenal, though, neither of the stopper’s following mistakes led to a goal. However, a rather worrying stat has since emerged, confirming that apart from Jordan Pickford and David de Gea, Leno has made the most errors leading to goals of any Premier League keeper since the start of 2018/19: 8 – Since the start of the 2018-19 season, only Jordan Pickford (11) and David de Gea (9) have made more errors leading to goals among Premier League goalkeepers in all competitions than Bernd Leno (8). Trailing. #UEL — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 22, 2020 See also: West Ham vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Aston Villa vs Leeds United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Arsenal vs Leicester Arsenal welcomed Leicester City to the Emirates on Wednesday evening as they looked to continue their impressive run of late. The Gunners began the restarted campaign in pretty awful form, losing 2-1 vs relegation-battling Brighton and being torn apart by Manchester City. However, Mikel Arteta’s men have… July 7, 2020 In "Sports" Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and David Luiz combined with two goals in four minutes to save Arsenal from a surprise defeat against Rapid Vienna. Mikel Arteta named a strong side at the Allianz Stadion, where 3,000 home fans watched on, with Thomas Partey making his full debut in the Group B opener.… October 22, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal vs Eintracht Frankfurt Arsenal’s penultimate Europa League group game of the 2019/20 season took place on Thursday vs Eintracht Frankfurt. The Gunners headed into the clash in pretty awful form. Arsenal were without a win in their previous six games across all competitions before kicking off at the Emirates.… November 28, 2019 In "Sports"