Thomas Partey has now arrived in London, conducted his first interview with Arsenal, and pulled on the colours of the Gunners for the first time. Speaking to the club on Tuesday, he explained: “I feel so happy, I already feel part of the family because the fans have received me, everybody is saying nice things about me and, you know, to be received like this is a great feeling.” “This a great club, it is one of the biggest clubs in Europe and it is a club that deserves to be aspiring for greater things and I think it doesn’t happen in a day, we have to work hard to make sure we are back to where we belong.” GHANA AND PROUD. @ThomasPartey22 pic.twitter.com/Y85zAl0kot — Arsenal (@Arsenal) October 13, 2020 When speaking about the process of his transfer itself coming to fruition, the new number 18 continued: “Well, until the last moment I was not aware. My agent called me and said it was going to happen, and I was so happy. I could not even sleep that night – it was a great feeling.” Partey could make his first appearance for Arsenal when they face Manchester City at the Etihad on Saturday. Arsenal fans may still be pinching themselves regarding Partey’s signing for the club on Deadline Day. However, news has since broken, confirming that he could easily have ended up wearing some very different colours. Partey’s father, Jacob, has revealed that the Ghanaian midfielder was also courted by both Juventus and Chelsea. Arsenal’s fans will therefore no doubt revel in the fact that it was added that he was instead keen to hold out for an offer from a ‘bigger club.’ Partey senior also went on to explain: “We were aware of the [other teams that were interested]: Juventus, Chelsea and so forth. So through all of this we knew God was with us. From that minute we started to dance to ‘Party after Party’.” Concerns around whether Arsenal’s lack of participation in the Champions League this season would prove a factor in their ability to attract top players, meanwhile, was quelled: “Thomas was willing to play where there is Champions League but [I suggested to him that] can’t he be where there is no Champions League and help them get into the Champions League?” See also: European transfer roundup: Bayern, PSG & Juventus all make moves/Barcelona miss out Thomas Partey flies to London ahead of £45 million Arsenal transfer Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.