SPIE Oil & Gas Services (part of the SPIE Group) provides a complete range of services to some of the world’s largest oil and gas companies through its network of offices in 25 countries across Africa, the Middle-East and Asia-Pacific. Our turnover has more than doubled in the last few years thanks to the dedication of our 4,000 employees to whom we give training, recognition, and genuine opportunities for career development. In order to support this growth, SPIE Oil & Gas Services is always seeking talented individuals to join its teams. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Reference: 2020-17288Location: NigeriaJob Type: Contract Job DescriptionMissions: Management: HSE: Technical: HSE Responsibilities: Risk Assessment: Risk Management: Profile Candidate Criteria: Application Closing DateNot Specified. The post Field Engineer at SPIE Oil & Gas Services appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. SPIE Oil & Gas Services (part of the SPIE Group) provides a complete range of services to some of the world’s largest oil and gas companies through its network of offices in 25 countries across Africa, the Middle-East and Asia-Pacific. Our turnover has more than doubled in the last few… October 10, 2020 In "Jobs" SPIE Oil & Gas Services (part of the SPIE Group) provides a complete range of services to some of the world's largest oil and gas companies through its network of offices in 25 countries across Africa, the Middle-East and Asia-Pacific. Our turnover has more than doubled in the last few… April 22, 2019 In "Jobs" SPIE Oil & Gas Services (part of the SPIE Group) provides a complete range of services to some of the world’s largest oil and gas companies through its network of offices in 25 countries across Africa, the Middle-East and Asia-Pacific. Our turnover has more than doubled in the last few… October 21, 2019 In "Gists"