With less than 48 hours left of the delayed summer transfer window, Leeds look to be closing in on another signing. The player in question is Raphinha, a 23-year-old winger. Raphinha is currently plying his trade in Ligue 1 with Stade Rennais, whom he joined last summer from Sporting. The French outfit are understood to have paid just over £20m to land the pacey winger. Raphinha then went on to enjoy a solid debut campaign with his new club, notching nine goals and five assists in 35 outings across all competitions last term. The Brazilian has also already managed to provide two assists in five league ties this season. View this post on Instagram RECUAR ??? Só se for pra pegar impulso A post shared by  Raphinha Belloli (@raphinha) on Aug 23, 2020 at 5:10am PDT And after such a solid start to life at Roazhon Park, Rennais are probably keen to keep hold of the former Vitória star, especially given he still has around three years left to run on his current contract. However, as mentioned above, with less than two days left of the current window, Raphinha appears to be attracting interest from the Premier League. According to the Mirror, newly-promoted Leeds United are now closing in on a move for Raphinha. The Whites are understood to be close to agreeing a fee worth an initial £15.2m for the Rennais star. Said deal could, however, also rise to £20.6m. Despite their interest in Raphinha though, Leeds are said to be eyeing yet more reinforcements in the final third. The report from the Mirror adds that Leeds want to sign two more players before the transfer deadline with Marcelo Bielsa said to remain keen on Manchester United’s Daniel James: Marcelo Bielsa is not finished yethttps://t.co/XbUCJHcFoi — Mirror Football (@MirrorFootball) October 4, 2020 See also: Aston Villa vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Aston Villa vs Liverpool live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.