Hazon Holdings is a continually growing and leading conglomerate domiciled in Africa. We specialize in raising standards through our synergy of diverse business units. We are core believers in driving people, processes and businesses to attain peak productivity in given fields through steadfastness and ultimate discipline. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: LagosJob Type: Full Time Core Responsibility Job DutiesCorrespondence and Document: Calendar Management: Meeting Management: Administration: Customer Responsiveness: Expense Management: Decision Making/Problem Solving: Housekeeping: Qualifications Skills Set: Application Closing DateNot Specified The post Strategic Business Executive at Hazon Holdings appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Hazon Holdings is a continually growing and leading conglomerate domiciled in Africa. We specialize in raising standards through our synergy of diverse business units. We are core believers in driving people, processes and businesses to attain peak productivity in given fields through steadfastness and ultimate discipline. We are recruiting to… July 17, 2019 In "Jobs" Hazon Holdings is a continually growing and leading conglomerate domiciled in Africa. We specialize in raising standards through our synergy of diverse business units. We are core believers in driving people, processes and businesses to attain peak productivity in given fields through steadfastness and ultimate discipline. Brand Creative Executive at… February 18, 2019 In "Jobs" Hazon Holdings is a continually growing and leading conglomerate domiciled in Africa. We specialize in raising standards through our synergy of diverse business units. We are core believers in driving people, processes and businesses to attain peak productivity in given fields through steadfastness and ultimate discipline. We are recruiting to… June 4, 2019 In "Jobs"