Week six of the Premier League season draws to a close on Monday evening. The final tie of the gameweek will see Tottenham make the trip to Burnley. Spurs head into the clash in solid form, having secured a comfortable 3-0 win over LASK in their Europa League opener during the week. However, the Lilywhites did blow a three-goal lead in their last league outing vs West Ham. On paper at least, though, Burnley appear to represent a more straightforward opponent for Jose Mourinho’s men. Sean Dyche’s side have had a pretty awful start to the campaign, which has seen them pick up just a solitary point in the Premier League. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the game below: Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur: Premier League preview, predictions & odds https://t.co/9tknlLTzCL — 101 Great Goals (@102greatgoals) October 25, 2020 Ahead of the trip to Burnley, Gareth Bale has moved to play down expectations surrounding his second stint with the club. The Welshman was, of course, handed his first start since re-joining Spurs earlier this week in the Europe League. Bale put on a solid showing, which saw him force a LASK player to direct the ball into his own net as Spurs went on to garner a 3-0 win. However, when speaking recently, the Spurs legend has warned that he still needs some time to get his match fitness and sharpness up: “It’s going to take me a bit of time to get my match fitness and sharpness going. “It’s another game towards the process of getting fitter, sharper, quicker. I just enjoyed being out there playing football – that’s what makes me happy.” Quotes via Goal. See also: Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Arsenal vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Sean Dyche has moved to provide fitness updates on three of Burnley’s players ahead of their upcoming trip to Manchester City. Man City vs Burnley The first full Premier League game-week since the season was postponed is set to draw to a close on Monday evening. Burnley will take to… June 18, 2020 In "Sports" MW19 round-up Match week 19 of the Premier League season took place between the 26th and 27th of December. The game week began at Tottenham at 12:30 pm UK time on Thursday with the Lilywhites playing host to Brighton. After falling behind, Spurs would fight back to clinch a crucial… December 28, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Tottenham Tottenham are set to travel to Brighton in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Spurs head into the game on the back of a 7-2 drubbing at the hands of Bayern Munich in the Champions League earlier this week. So, Mauricio Pochettino’s side should be looking to bounce… October 4, 2019 In "Sports"