Reports that Liverpool are aiming to sign a new goalkeeper in the coming days appear to be wide of the mark. The international transfer window, of course, slammed shut on Monday evening. However, the domestic window which allows Premier League and EFL clubs to make transfers is still open until October 16th. This has given rise to rumours that Liverpool are looking to sign a new shot-stopper. With Allison potentially sidelined for six weeks, Liverpool must currently call upon Adrian between the sticks. The Spaniard, though, has proven something of a mixed bag since signing for Liverpool. The former West Ham man did an ok job at the beginning of 2019/20 when he was forced to deputise for an injured Allison. But in the Champions League semi-final earlier this year and against Aston Villa last Sunday, Adrian was pretty dismal. Following Liverpool’s drubbing at the hands of Villa, it has been reported that the Reds were interested in Stoke’s Jack Butland. However, the Mirror’s David Anderson has, on Sunday, moved to refute those claims, stating that Klopp is not interested in signing Butland or any keeper before the close of the domestic window. Jurgen Klopp is not interested in signing Jack Butland or any other goalkeeper before the final transfer window closes on Friday. Will stick with Adrian for Saturday’s Merseyside derby. #LFC — David Anderson (@MirrorAnderson) October 11, 2020 And as Anderson stated above, Adrian is expected to start for Liverpool next weekend vs Everton. The Premier League champions have a superb record against their cross-town rivals. However, Everton have been in sensational form in 2020/21 and currently sit top of the Premier League after picking up maximum points from their opening four outings. See also: Virgil van Dijk believes ‘challenging times’ are ahead for Liverpool Liverpool ‘seen as likelier’ landing spot for Sancho than Man United as Dortmund star ‘feels undervalued’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.