Plan International is an independent development and humanitarian non-profit organisation that advances children’s rights and equality for girls. We support children’s rights from birth until they reach adulthood, and enable children to prepare for – and respond to – crises and adversity. We believe in the power and potential of every child, but know this is often suppressed by poverty, violence, exclusion and discrimination. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Deadline: 5th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Yobe Deadline: 24th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Yobe Deadline: 24th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Unspecified Deadline: 28th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Borno Deadline: 26th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Plan International appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Plan International is an independent development and humanitarian non-profit organisation that advances children’s rights and equality for girls. We support children’s rights from birth until they reach adulthood, and enable children to prepare for – and respond to – crises and adversity. We believe in the power and potential of… July 10, 2020 In "Jobs" Plan International is an independent development and humanitarian non-profit organisation that advances children’s rights and equality for girls. We support children’s rights from birth until they reach adulthood, and enable children to prepare for – and respond to – crises and adversity. We believe in the power and potential of every child,… February 20, 2020 In "Gists" COVID19 Update(Nigeria): [COVID19-LINE country="Nigeria" confirmed_title="confirmed" deaths_title="deaths" recovered_title="recovered"] Plan International is an independent development and humanitarian non-profit organisation that advances children’s rights and equality for girls. We support children’s rights from birth until they reach adulthood, and enable children to prepare for – and respond to – crises and adversity. We… April 23, 2020 In "Gists"