France Football today released information regarding the transfer activity surrounding Aouar. Arsenal supporters were frantically refreshing their devices in the final days of the window and seeing information that Arsenal were pushing for the 22-year-old. OL board insist they won’t accept less than €50m for Houssem Aouar. Arsenal are in talks and pushing… but there’s no agreement with Aulas atm.Real Madrid are not in the race for this summer, same as PSG. Juventus are now working to sign Federico Chiesa and not Aouar.  #AFC — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) October 2, 2020 In reality, it appears this was not the case. The French outlet describes how it was in fact Juventus that came in for Aouar strongly. Even offering as much as €50 million plus the opportunity to loan Federico Bernardeschi for the remainder of the season. However, the Italian winger was reluctant to make the switch to Ligue 1 and that caused the deal to break down. Aouar will remain with the French side at least until January. This summer represented the first of what appears to be many of Arteta and Edu working intimately on transfers for Arsenal. Arteta was promoted to the role of manager having succeeded in his head coach role. This decision meant the Spaniard would become much more ingrained with the decision making processes at the club. Having made many staff redundant including a proportion of the recruitment sector, Arteta’s influence would be vital. The Spaniard, according to the report by France Football, was a huge admirer of Aouar. Speaking with the 22-year-old on the phone Arteta convinced him that Arsenal was the right project for the next phase of his development. However, it appears that Edu was not as convinced. France Football even claimed that Edu sighted ‘jet lag’ as the reason for not contacting the ownership about furthering their pursuit. Arsenal ended up signing Thomas Partey on deadline day, with the help of the owners at the forefront of the deal. In interviews with Arsenal.com, both Edu and Arteta spoke glowingly about their new signing. Arteta may now have more say but the latest evidence suggests the Brazilian has biggest influence on dealings. See also: Gabriel’s agent confirms Lille star turned down more money to join Arsenal: ‘100% because of Edu and Arteta’ Arsenal’s Brazilian duo invite Oscar to the Gunners Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.