Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed Everton’s intention to launch an appeal against Lucas Digne’s dismissal during the club’s defeat to Southampton. The Toffees made the trip to St. Mary’s a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. Everton of course headed into proceedings sitting pretty atop the English top-flight table, on the back of a stellar start to the campaign. As such, with the club’s summer signings continuing to fire on all cylinders, Dominic Calvert-Lewin in the form of his career, and Ancelotti’s men unbeaten in 8 across all competitions, the visitors were widely viewed as favourites ahead of kick-off this afternoon. When all was said and done in Hampshire, however, Everton were brought crashing back down to earth. A disappointing display on the part of the visitors, limited by an admittedly superb Southampton, eventually saw the former subjected to their first defeat of the season. James Ward-Prowse opened the scoring just shy of the half-hour mark, before Che Adams added the game’s clincher 8 minutes later to make sure of all 3 points for a resurgent Saints side. The result, however, did not come as the only source of concern for Everton this evening. The other saw a key member of Carlo Ancelotti’s squad handed a straight red card, with a 3-game ban, as things stand, therefore on the cards. The individual to have been given his marching orders was Lucas Digne, following a coming together with Kyle Walker-Peters. After the Saints stopper burst away from the Frenchman 20 minutes from time, Digne attempted to take Walker-Peters down, before standing on his heel, in an altogether awkward-looking challenge. A red card was immediately brandished in the Everton stopper’s direction, with Digne having gone on to make crystal clear his frustrations with the decision. Replays of the challenge, admittedly, did not look good, though it cannot be said for certain whether the stopper actually intended to trod on Walker-Peters’ heel. EVERTON DOWN TO TEN MEN Lucas Digne is given his marching orders for raking down the back of Kyle Walker-Peters’ leg. Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #SOUEVE here: https://t.co/DyjBBS6u9g Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/SJufJlvVNy — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 25, 2020 One individual, though, who is evidently of the opinion that Digne’s tackle was a complete accident, is Carlo Ancelotti. Speaking in his post-match interview this evening, the Toffees boss was inevitably drawn on his star defender’s sending off. And Ancelotti went on to label the decision ‘a joke’, before confirming that Everton will be launching an appeal against Digne’s ban over the days ahead: ‘I think it was a joke, it was not serious foul play.’ ‘Maybe the situation with Richarlison and Pickford has affected the decision, it’s not fair.’ ‘We will be appealing the decision.’ “I think it was a joke. For sure it was not violent conduct” “Maybe the rumours all week against Pickford and Richarlison affected the decision” “We are going to appeal it for sure” Carlo Ancelotti has some strong views on Lucas Digne’s red card pic.twitter.com/6yNkXOD3EP — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 25, 2020 Arsenal hand trial to Mitchel Bergkamp, son of Gunners legend Dennis Luke Shaw joins Man United boss Solskjaer in heaping praise on Chelsea’s Edouard Mendy Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. An update on the managerial situation at Everton has emerged online this evening, ahead of the club’s meeting with Arsenal. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park was confirmed two weeks ago. A 5-2 drubbing at… December 19, 2019 In "Sports" Carlo Ancelotti has moved to provide an injury update on Yerry Mina, after he was withdrawn during the first-half of the Toffees’ clash with Wolves. Everton hammered by Wolves Sunday’s early Premier League clash saw Everton travel to Wolves. Both sides headed into the tie in fairly poor form, having… July 12, 2020 In "Sports" Big update for Everton Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has given an injury update on several players, including Andre Gomes, Jean-Philippe Gbamin and Alex Iwobi. The Toffees have really struggled with injuries so far this season. Players such as Jean-Philippe Gbamin, Andre Gomes, Alex Iwobi, Fabian Delph and Morgan Schneiderlin have… January 10, 2020 In "Sports"