An update on the future of two Chelsea centre-backs has been forthcoming online on Wednesday. The duo in question are Antonio Rudiger and Fikayo Tomori, both of whom have struggled for minutes in 2020/21. In fact, Rudiger is actually yet to play a single minute of competitive football this term whilst Tomori has garnered just 45 minutes of Premier League action and two League Cup appearances – a competition which the Blues are now out of. With minutes hard to come by in the early stages off the campaign, both players were seemingly exploring the option of a move in the latest transfer window. However, both stoppers, despite interest from West Ham in Tomori and several clubs in Rudiger, would eventually remain at Stamford Bridge come the close of the international transfer window. This has left the Londoners with five senior centre-backs until at least January, suggesting that at least one of Rudiger and Tomori will continue to struggle for minutes over the next several months. Should that indeed happen, though, it does look as though both would be willing to explore other options in the winter window, with the Telegraph stating that: Chelsea defenders Antonio Rudiger and Fikayo Tomori will reassess their futures in January after seeing pre-deadline day moves away from Stamford Bridge break down. Antonio Rudiger and Fikayo Tomori will reassess Chelsea futures in January after potential moves break down | @Matt_Law_DT https://t.co/66Fh6oZvLz — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) October 7, 2020 Germany boss Joachim Low has also recently provided some insight into Rudiger’s attempts to garner a move from Stamford Bridge. Low claimed that the Chelsea centre-half had several options to chose from over the weekend. And though no move was forthcoming, Rudiger is said to be able to try again in the winter: “I was in constant contact with Toni Rudiger, he was keeping me in the loop. He had three or four options over the weekend but unfortunately, nothing materialised – he can try again in the winter. “He can put in a great performance even without a few weeks of match practice. I’ve been walking the path with him over the past few years and we’ve had a dialogue since the very beginning. His development over the past four or five years has been great. “He has established himself as a top international player. In terms of athleticism, dynamism and tough duels, he maintains his top level for a few weeks even without match practice.” Low even went as far as to claim that Rudiger tried everything to leave Chelsea: “He tried everything to leave Chelsea because the European Championship is very important to him. I think he’ll try to leave again in the winter. He’s doing everything he can to stay in his best form.” Quotes via Goal. See also: England vs Wales betting tips: International friendly preview, predictions & odds Scotland vs Israel betting tips: Euro 2020 playoff preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.