At Total Secure Nigeria we are very confident that we will become your preferred choice for security and defence products throughout Nigeria. Through our partnership with our sister company is the UK we feel we are in the perfect position to provide a definitive services to our clients. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Locations: Abuja (FCT) , Kano, Kebbi and Zamfara Deadline: 30th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 30th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 30th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Kano, Kebbi and Zamfara Deadline: 1st November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Abuja (FCT) and Lagos Deadline: 16th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Total Secure Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. At Access Solutions we believe in offering much more than just a job; we strive to give you a full-fledged career. Towards this end we provide you with superior training and the opportunity to work in different industry and service practices on the latest technology platforms. What we offer you… September 22, 2020 In "Jobs" Tyonex Nigeria Limited is a group of registered companies, with an operational base throughout Nigeria and Corporate Head Offices in Lagos, Nigeria. Established in September 1997, Tyonex is a member of the Pharmaceutical Manufacturing and Marketing Companies in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Government… October 1, 2020 In "Jobs" Pruvia Integrated Limited – Our clients in various sectors is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: 1. Office Assistant Location: Abuja Deadline: 9th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Public Relation Officer Location: Lagos Deadline: 6th October, 2020. Click Here to… September 26, 2020 In "Jobs"