Real Madrid were humbled on their own turf against Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk. Shakhtar were without as many as 10 first team players due to coronavirus complications. Zinedine Zidane fielded a strong Los Blancos side ahead of El Classico at the weekend. There was rotation but mainly in the forward line. Luka Jovic in for Karim Benzema and Rodrygo in for Vinicius Junior. Marco Asensio started on the right and was spritely in the opening minutes. However, Shakhtar shocked Madrid by going 3-0 up before half time. The Los Blancos defence having a torrid time with Raphael Varane scoring an own goal and Eder Militao losing concentration completely to allow Manor Soloman to sneak in and score the third. Madrid did fight back in the second half after Zidane brought on Benzema and Vinicius however it was not enough. Los Blancos could only find two goals through a fantastic Modric strike and a Vinicius finish. The loss leaves Madrid in a tricky situation in a group with Inter Milan and Borussia Monchengladbach. Zidane spoke after the game and has been very honest in taking responsibility. Zidane’s quotes following the match against Shakhtar Donetsk.#RMUCL | #HalaMadrid pic.twitter.com/NvzC604awV — Real Madrid C.F.  (@realmadriden) October 21, 2020 “I’m responsible and I have to look for solutions,” said the Frenchman. “We lacked confidence and started the game badly. Latter on we reacted, but it wasn’t enough, so I will think and think.” “El Clasico? We have to review today’s game and prepare for what’s coming.” With the huge game against Barcelona at the weekend, Zidane will certainly need to solve the issues and fast. Vinicius was forgiving of his coach however. “We played in the worst way possible today, we couldn’t do what Zidane asked us to do,” said the Brazilian. Real Madrid play Barcelona at the Nou Camp at 3pm on Saturday. See also: Luis Suarez confirms plans to ‘point to those responsible’ if he scores vs Barcelona Zidane provides Hazard update ahead of Champions League opener / Shakhtar Donetsk coach criticises Real Madrid for selling Ronaldo Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Real Madrid have booked their place in the UEFA Champions League round of 16 after they recorded the needed victory over APOEL Nicosia on match day 5 on Tuesday. Liverpool were denied a chance to seal qualification after the squandered a three-goal lead to draw 3-3 at Sevilla. Real Madrid… November 21, 2017 In "Sports" They say absence makes the heart grow fonder. It certainly did for Real Madrid. Zinedine Zidane left the Spanish capital in the summer of 2018 after claiming three consecutive Champions League titles. He returned in March with Los Blancos already out of Europe’s premier club competition and languishing 12 points… August 15, 2019 In "News" Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane said his side “almost overwhelmed” Barcelona as a 2-0 El Clasico win saw them climb to the top of La Liga. The first 45 minutes were a defensive slog, with both goalkeepers forced into a handful of stellar saves. However, Madrid started piling on the… March 2, 2020 In "Sports"