Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has this evening provided an insight into the fitness levels of Blues stopper Thiago Silva. Lampard’s men of course returned to European action on Wednesday night. The Londoners made the trip to Russia, for a Champions League group stage meeting with Krasnodar. Chelsea headed into proceedings eager to pick up all 3 points, having stuttered to a 0-0 stalemate at home to Sevilla in their competition opener last week. And, when all was said and done, pick up their first win of the group stage campaign is exactly what the visitors managed. Despite Jorginho’s first-half penalty miss, Chelsea eventually cruised to a 4-0 result. Callum Hudson-Odoi opened the game’s scoring as the interval approached, before Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech added to the Blues’ advantage, killing off any hopes of an unlikely Krasnodar comeback. Christian Pulisic, meanwhile, added some gloss to the scoreline with a late 4th. First start First goal Hakim Ziyech is already making moves at Chelsea  pic.twitter.com/g2vxNrc5cR — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 28, 2020 Whilst his side finding the net 4 times last night no doubt came as a huge relief to Frank Lampard, what likely proved equally as satisfying was Chelsea securing yet another clean sheet. The Londoners have looked much improved at the back of late, with Lampard’s men, since allowing 3 goals at home to Southampton two weeks ago, having since managed 3 consecutive clean sheets. Much of the credit for this stark improvement has been handed to Thiago Silva, with the Brazilian veteran’s leadership qualities having seemingly stabilised a previously pourous defensive unit. The former PSG man, who made the made to Stamford Bridge as a free agent during the summer, however, was actually absent versus Krasnodar. In turn, concerns had since inevitably circulated, regarding the possibility that Silva had picked up an injury problem. Speaking during a press conference this evening, Frank Lampard was therefore drawn on the fitness of the 36-year-old. The Chelsea boss, though, was quick to assure that Silva is not carrying any sort of issue, with the stopper having simply been left out on Wednesday to secure some much-needed rest amid a hectic fixture list. He is therefore expected to be available to take on Burnley this weekend: ‘Thiago is fit. Taking him out of Russia was a maintenance issue.’ ‘It makes sense. As a player towards the end of my career… I’m making sure we get the best out of him towards the end of the season.’ ‘I spoke with Thiago. He could have played if had to but had to put it in context of what is ahead of us.’ Latest Chelsea team news ahead of Burnley trip.https://t.co/LLwzzA6Kb1 — football.london (@Football_LDN) October 29, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.