Arsenal have just spent £45 million on bringing Thomas Partey to the club from Atletico Madrid. The Gunners have long appeared to be in a tough spot when it comes to funds, with 55 members of staff having been made redundant earlier in the summer. Even Head of Football Raul Sanhelli was not spared, as he too lost his position at the club. The Spaniard publicly claimed that this was due to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. Deadline Day proved euphoric for Arsenal fans, with their big-money signing secured. However, it was slightly tarnished by some sad news. Jerry Quy, AKA Gunnersaurus, was made redundant by the club after 27 years of service. Considering the lack of fans at the Emirates at present, Quy’s position was deemed surplus to requirements. Mascots have long been a feature of almost every club. Some even make the trip to away games to cheer on their side. Since 1993, Gunnersaurus has been part of the Arsenal setup, working with the Junior Gunners program, and even taking part in half-time penalty shootouts and charity events. Whilst staff members were being made redundant earlier this year, footballers at Premier League clubs continued to be paid high figures. Arsenal’s players did take a 12.5% pay-cut in April, but the gesture has not proven enough to save everyone. One player, though, has evidently taken exception to Gunnersaurus’ redundancy, and, in turn, offered to help. Mesut Ozil tweeted out that he would be willing to ‘reimburse’ Arsenal for Quy’s full salary. The German vowed that for as long as he remains an Arsenal player, he will attempt to ensure that the famous mascot remains doing the job he loves. I was so sad that Jerry Quy aka our famous & loyal mascot @Gunnersaurus and integral part of our club was being made redundant after 27 years. As such, I’m offering to reimburse @Arsenal with the full salary of our big green guy as long as I will be an Arsenal player… pic.twitter.com/IfWN38x62z — Mesut Özil (@MesutOzil1088) October 6, 2020 A very kind gesture from the German. As of yet, Arsenal have not responded, though, and neither has the official Gunnersaurus Twitter account. Ozil, of course, has not featured for Arsenal since before lockdown. It will be interesting to see how the club responds to the 31-year-old’s proposal. See also: Mesut Ozil reportedly hoping to be involved for Arsenal vs Fulham this weekend Singapore-backed company claims to have held talks over Newcastle takeover – Sky Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.