The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance to the least developed countries. It promotes technical and investment cooperation among nations. Headquartered in New York City, the status of UNDP is that of an executive board within the United Nations General Assembly. The UNDP is funded entirely by voluntary contributions from UN member states. The organization operates in 177 countries, where it works with local governments to meet development challenges and develop local capacity. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja Deadline: 3rd November, 2020 . Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 3rd November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 3rd November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 4th November, 2020 . Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja Deadline: 23rd October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance… May 28, 2020 In "Jobs" The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance… July 15, 2020 In "Jobs" The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is the United Nations’ global development network. It advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life for themselves. It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance… May 27, 2020 In "Jobs"