One of the more high-profile moves on deadline day, of course, saw Arsenal clinch the services of Thomas Partey from Atletico Madrid. The midfielder had been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates throughout the summer. However, when deadline day rolled around, no move had been secured. There were even reports on the day suggesting that Partey looked unlikely to make a switch to the Emirates. But right at the very end of deadline day, news was finally forthcoming that the Gunners had completed a move for the Ghana international: @Thomaspartey22 has joined us from Atletico Madrid on a long-term contract#NoThomasNoPartey — Arsenal (@Arsenal) October 5, 2020 The Arsenal faithful are, of course, yet to see their star man in action. However, you would assume the midfielder will be afforded some minutes this coming weekend when Arsenal face off with Manchester City. Ahead of that tie, Partey has provided some insight into his decision to join Arsenal. As confirmed by Partey’s father recently, the African had interest from a number of high-profile clubs this summer. But when speaking recently, Partey highlighted Arteta, Edu and their plans as a key factor in him accepting the offer from Arsenal: “Arteta was very important [for the move]. “Him and (technical director) Edu told me about their plans and it was so exciting, so I had to accept it. “[The manager] has seen me play and knows what I can bring to the team. I think he watched me at Atletico and wants me to bring the same to this team. “I think I have to be quick [to adapt] and learn everything as fast as I can. I have to do everything I have to do in training and make him see me and that I’m ready to play for him. “It’s a great challenge. I want to experience new challenges. I’m ready to give it my all and help the club get back to where it belongs.” Quotes via Sky Sports News. See also: Arsenal’s Eddie Nketiah surpasses Alan Shearer to make England U21 history Raheem Sterling expected to be fit to face Arsenal / Guardiola’s tactics cited as key to Champions League failings Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Partey time? Arsenal’s history of Deadline Day insanity is well-documented. The signature of Mesut Ozil in 2013 signalled the moment that the Gunners joined their Premier League rivals as ‘big spenders.’ The impact of the German was immediate, and he helped to end the club’s 9-year trophy drought. And, 7… October 5, 2020 In "Sports" The latest word stemming from Spain this evening suggests that Arsenal have all but pulled the plug on their swoop for Atletico Madrid star Thomas Partey. Partey’s uncertain future Speculation surrounding the future of Ghanaian international Partey has been rampant of late. Amid another superb campaign to date, during which… July 27, 2020 In "Sports" Word stemming from the media over the last 24 hours suggests that Thomas Partey has come to the decision to snub interest in his signature, to extend his stay with Atletico Madrid. Partey’s uncertain future Speculation surrounding the future of Ghanaian international Partey has been rampant of late. Amid another… July 15, 2020 In "Sports"