Wherever Jose Mourinho has gone the consistent thing besides entertaining press conferences and post-match interviews is controversy. Typically within the playing squad itself. Vitor Baia at Porto. Mario Balotelli at Inter Milan. Iker Casillas at Real Madrid. Juan Mata at Chelsea. Paul Pogba at Manchester United. The list isn’t restricted to one player per club either. At Tottenham, Dele Alli appears to be the new target of the Portuguese manager. Despite being kept at Spurs, even after multiple loan offers from PSG, Alli has continued to be exiled from the squad. Mourinho has stated that this is down to the pure strength of the squad. “You could see our team, I cannot start with all of them and I cannot have a bench without defenders or midfielders, he said. “In the same way the squad is a puzzle, the bench is also a little puzzle. “So to have on the bench Toby and Serge, and Moussa and Gio, and Lamela, and Bergwijn. “I cannot have on the bench four wingers or three wingers and a number 10, and then no defenders. Everything is a puzzle so in these matches that he stayed out, probably Tuesday he will play and others he will stay out.” Spurs were miraculously denied 3 points against West Ham last weekend. Manuel Lanzini came up with an unbelievable strike to steal a point away from Mourinho’s side. The Portuguese has seemingly not been able to shake the memories as of yet. However, in classic Jose fashion, he has posted an update about his thoughts on his Instagram page. View this post on Instagram 3 balls… The 3 goals we conceded against West Ham? The 3 amazing goals we scored against them? Or the 2 Europa leagues I have in the pocket and the 3rd one I am ready to fight for? A post shared by  Jose Mourinho (@josemourinho) on Oct 21, 2020 at 3:58am PDT The post harks back to the famous press conference when Mourinho called for ‘respect‘ and cited the three Premier Leagues he has won. Mourinho will now need to navigate a tricky Europa League tie against Austrian side Linz ASK. The Austrian side had an impressive showing up until they faced Manchester United. See also: ‘If I want to give money away, I’ll give to charity, not the FA’ – Mourinho responds as late penalty drama costs Spurs Mourinho aims jibe at Arsene Wenger over book oversight / Do Spurs now have the league’s best front-3? Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Jose Mourinho has blamed the recent absence of Henrikh Mkhitaryan on having too many players to select from. Mourinho-Mkhitaryan The Armenian has not been involved in the matchday squad in seven of the last eight games and last featured as a substitute in United’s 1-0 win over Brighton on 25… December 14, 2017 In "News" Spurs boss Jose Mourinho has revealed that Steven Bergwijn was not his first choice in the January transfer window but that it’s worked out to be a “great decision”. Bergwijn scored Spurs’ goal on Friday against Manchester United in a 1-1 draw, with a fine piece of powerful play and… June 22, 2020 In "Sports" Newcastle 1 – Tottenham 3 Tottenham’s European ambitions were boosted on Wednesday night at St James’ Park in a 3-1 win against Newcastle. That was the first time Jose Mourinho has ever won a Premier League game away at the Magpies. Harry Kane stole the headlines for Spurs with a… July 16, 2020 In "Sports"