An update on the injury sustained by Chelsea goalkeeper Edouard Mendy whilst on international duty has been forthcoming online on Saturday. Senegalese shot-stopper Mendy of course made the move to Stamford Bridge this past summer, to provide some much-needed competition for the struggling Kepa. The 28-year-old was picked up on the back of a stellar campaign in Ligue 1 with Rennes. Mendy went on to make his debut in Chelsea’s colours last weekend, and largely impressed, en route to a dominant 4-0 victory over Crystal Palace. As such, it no doubt came as a major source of concern for fans of the Blues when word was forthcoming that Mendy had picked up an injury problem. In an official statement released on Friday morning, Chelsea confirmed that their summer signing had been forced to return to southwest London, after picking up a thigh issue whilst on international duty: ‘The Senegalese Football Federation has announced the withdrawal from their squad of Edouard Mendy due to injury.’ ‘The goalkeeper sustained an injury to his right thigh during training on Wednesday and had a medical examination in a hospital in Rabat, where Senegal are due to play Morocco tonight.’ ‘Mendy has since returned to Chelsea where he will undergo further examinations.’ Edouard Mendy has withdrawn from the Senegal squad… — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) October 9, 2020 With no insight, at the time, having been provided into the severity of Mendy’s injury, though, all associated with the Pensioners had since faced an anxious wait for an update regarding the shot-stopper’s wellbeing. And, as outlined above, such an update has this evening been forthcoming. As per reliable Chelsea reporter Nizaar Kinsella, Mendy’s issue ‘isn’t so serious’, with the African, thankfully, having avoided a torn muscle in his thigh: Understand Edouard Mendy’s thigh injury isn’t so serious. The scans showed the muscle wasn’t torn. https://t.co/nmYVPrGGG7 pic.twitter.com/W6WYr6aDAy — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) October 10, 2020 Mendy himself, meanwhile, has since also taken to social media to ease any lingering fears, assuring that his injury is nothing more than a ‘little hitch’: Little hitch, I’m going to do anything I can to come back faster and stronger.Thank you all for your messages  pic.twitter.com/6vafcnypwT — Edouard Mendy (@EdouardMendy_) October 10, 2020 Nevertheless, as things stand, it is viewed as unlikely that Mendy will be fit to feature in Chelsea’s next outing, a Premier League meeting with Southampton a week from today. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Chelsea boss Frank Lampard today opened up on the situation between the posts at the club, on the back of the much-anticipated arrival of Edouard Mendy. Chelsea rebuilding Ongoings at Stamford Bridge have of course proven one of the talking points of European football this summer. This comes with the… September 26, 2020 In "Sports" One of Chelsea’s host of big-money summer signings, Ben Chilwell, has today opened up on the club’s somewhat underwhelming start to the campaign. Chelsea rebuilding Ongoings at Stamford Bridge have of course proven one of the talking points of European football over recent months. This comes with the Blues currently… October 1, 2020 In "Sports" Mendy joins Chelsea The news Chelsea fans have been waiting for finally arrived on Thursday. Edouard Mendy is a Chelsea player. The Senegalese shot-stopper has put pen to paper on a five-year deal with his new club, who he is believed to have set back £22m. It’s official! Edouard Mendy… September 24, 2020 In "Sports"