Kai Havertz’s short stint in England has been quite mixed so far. The German was the Blues’ marquee summer signing, setting them back a whopping £71m. Havertz had previously earned a name for himself as one of the brightest young prospects in Germany. So when he arrived in England, there was an expectation that he would hit the ground running. However, the 20-year-old’s first few games in the Premier League did not see Havertz reach the heights he was capable of producing at Bayer Leverkusen. View this post on Instagram Three points and a great team effort. A post shared by  Kai Havertz  (@kaihavertz29) on Oct 3, 2020 at 8:29am PDT There appear to be a number of reasons for this, one of which was Havertz had very little time with his new squad before making his Chelsea debut. And another could well be that like many foreign players, Havertz needs some time to adapt to the all-action style of the English top-flight. The German himself has recently been discussing his short stint in the Premier League and has picked out a number of differences between his new surroundings and the Bundesliga. When speaking to Chelsea’s official website, Havertz stated that the intensity of the duels and the runs are much higher in the Premier League. Havertz then went on to label Premier League games exhausting before stating that he feels like everybody in the English top-flight is at a very high level: “The intensity in the duels and the runs is much higher. It’s a completely different league and the games are very exhausting. “The Bundesliga isn’t worse but I noticed differences. It seems to me like there aren’t any average or bad players here – everybody is at a very high level.” See also: England vs Belgium betting tips: UEFA Nations League preview, predictions & odds France vs Portugal betting tips: UEFA Nations League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Premier League side Chelsea are ready to step up their interest in Bayer Leverkusen attacker Kai Havertz, according to reports. Havertz’s string of impressive performances for both Leverkusen and Germany have put the 21-year-old on the radar of some of Europe’s top teams. Chelsea have long been linked with a… July 3, 2020 In "Sports" Petr Cech to lead Kai Havertz transfer talks Chelsea seem to be inching towards signing of Kai Havertz from Bayer Leverkusen. On Monday, the Athletic reported that Chelsea were closing in on completing the deal for the 21-year-old German playmaker. That report has been rubber-stamped on Tuesday by the Times,… July 21, 2020 In "Sports" Petr Cech to lead Kai Havertz transfer talks Chelsea seem to be inching towards signing of Kai Havertz from Bayer Leverkusen. On Monday, the Athletic reported that Chelsea were closing in on completing the deal for the 21-year-old German playmaker. That report has been rubber-stamped on Tuesday by the Times,… July 21, 2020 In "Sports"