The winners of all of the Premier League’s Player of the Month, Manager of the Month and Goal of the Month for September have been revealed on Friday. The surprise package of the early weeks of the Premier League season have of course come in the form of Everton. The Merseysiders enjoyed an impressive summer window, during which the likes of James Rodriguez, Allan, Abdoulaye Doucoure and Ben Godfrey all made the move to Goodison Park. In turn, most expected the Toffees, with Carlo Ancelotti at the helm, to look much improved this time around. Just how quickly they have since gelled, and exploded out of the blocks, though, has nevertheless come as something of a surprise. Everton currently sit top of the Premier League table with 12 points, having racked up consecutive wins over all of Tottenham, West Brom, Crystal Palace and, most recently Brighton. Tottenham 0-1 Everton Everton 5-2 West Brom Crystal Palace 1-2 Everton Everton 4-2 Brighton The perfect start.pic.twitter.com/wPtantRRKW — Goal (@goal) October 4, 2020 More impressive than the club’s actual results, though, have been Everton’s performances, with the new-look Toffees a genuinely exciting outfit to watch, as evidenced by their Premier League average of 3 goals-per-game thus far. As such, on the back of such a superb opening to the campaign, it has come as little surprise to see a pair of the key contributors behind Everton’s success rewarded. On Friday, the winners of the latest edition of both the Player of the Month and Manager of the Month for September were unveiled. Both come from Everton, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin, amid a scintillating spell of form in front of goal, first up: Introducing your September @EASPORTSFIFA Player of the Month… @CalvertLewin14 #PLAwards pic.twitter.com/ZgoS68qg6x — Premier League (@premierleague) October 9, 2020 Carlo Ancelotti’s stellar work on the bench at Goodison, meanwhile, has seen the Italian also rewarded: Congratulations, @MrAncelotti The @Everton boss is your @BarclaysFooty Manager of the Month for September#PLAwards pic.twitter.com/RKoZ80hOGq — Premier League (@premierleague) October 9, 2020 Last up comes the winner of the Goal of the Month, with James Maddison’s stunning strike for Leicester versus Manchester City having beaten out the competition for September: @Madders10 This certified wins the September @budfootball Goal of the Month #PLAwards pic.twitter.com/ak4gmDC893 — Premier League (@premierleague) October 9, 2020 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. As per a report from Spanish outlet Marca, former Arsenal boss Unai Emery opted to turn down the opportunity to replace Marco Silva at Everton. PL managerial changes The last month has seen 3 of the Premier League’s top clubs come to the respective decisions to part with their managers.… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" Here’s a roundup of matches in the English Premier League today. Everton hold Chelsea to goalless draw Everton continued their impressive run after playing a goalless draw with champions, Chelsea FC. The ninth-placed Toffees have not lost in six Premier League games, five of those since Allardyce took charge. Chelsea… December 23, 2017 In "News" Everton vs West Ham Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off sees Everton playing host to West Ham United. The Toffees head into the game all the way down in 18th place in the Premier League. Everton’s dismal start to the campaign has seen them amass just seven points from their opening… October 19, 2019 In "Sports"