Addosser Microfinance Bank Limited is an innovative financial institution dedicated to improving the living condition of everyday people through value-added financial products and services. The bank was incorporated in 2008 and is duly licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria as a microfinance bank. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Unspecified. Deadline: 30th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Unspecified. Deadline: 20th November, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 30th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 30th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 30th October, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Addosser Microfinance Bank Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Addosser Microfinance Bank Limited is an innovative financial institution dedicated to improving the living condition of everyday people through value-added financial products and services. The bank was incorporated in 2008 and is duly licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria as a microfinance bank. We are recruiting to fill the… February 25, 2020 In "Gists" GTI Microfinance Bank Limited is a leading Nigerian Investment Banking group with proven expertise in Financial Advisory, Securities Dealing (Fixed Income and Equities), Asset Management and Private Equity”. We have strong capacity in financial services delivery. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Customer Service Officer Location:… July 23, 2020 In "Jobs" PecanTrust Microfinance Bank Limited is a Central Bank of Nigeria Licensed, for-profit making institution dedicated to supporting early stage, small and medium-sized enterprises ‘SME’, the informal working class and low income families through providing access to finance, entrepreneurship training, a network of mentors and facilitating business partnerships. We are recruiting… March 13, 2020 In "Gists"