Chelsea’s last outing before the international break saw them welcome Crystal Palace to Stamford Bridge. The Blues have had something of a mixed start to the campaign, with an opening weekend win followed by a loss vs Liverpool, draw with West Brom and a League Cup exit at the hands of Tottenham. Against Palace though, Frank Lampard’s side looked the dominant force their fans probably expected them to be after their busy summer. Ben Chilwell was particularly impressive against the Eagles, providing one assist and scoring one as Chelsea cruised to a 4-0 victory. The Palace game would also see Edouard Mendy make his Premier League debut. Mendy, like Thiago Silva, arrived from France over the window. And with both players still not currently fluent in English, Silva has stated he is learning Monday-Friday, Chelsea fans may have been concerned that their already shaky backline would be disrupted by a lack of proper communication. However, according to Cesar Azpilicueta, who started in the win over Crystal Palace, Chelsea’s defence are currently communicating in French. Both Silva and Mendy spoke the language anyway after their stints in Ligue 1, as does Kurt Zouma, who is obviously from France. Azpilicueta also confirmed that he speaks French whilst Silva is able to communicate with Jorginho as they speak Italian: “Yes it’s true, we were communicating in French “I speak French, as does Thiago, and obviously Kurt does as well. It was a good way for us to talk at the back. Edu [Mendy] in goal speaks French too, so it was the best way for us. “We try to help out as much as possible with the players that don’t speak English at the moment and it is no problem for us. Thiago also speaks the same language as Jorginho, so he can communicate with him too. “I think language is secondary though. Football is a universal game and for people like Thiago, he’s been around the game for a long time and can lead others even without speaking the language so well. “We want to make the adaptation as easy as possible for the new players and if we have to speak French in defence until the guys understand English, then that is fine.” Quotes via Chelsea’s official website. See also: Chelsea duo Antonio Rudiger & Fikayo Tomori to reassess futures in January Concern for Chelsea as Timo Werner ruled out of Germany’s meeting with Turkey Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Chelsea vs Crystal Palace Chelsea and Crystal Palace went head-to-head in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Frank Lampard’s side have had a solid start to the campaign and began the day firmly in the top four. With 5th place Arsenal taking on Leicester later on Saturday, Chelsea knew they could… November 9, 2019 In "Sports" Lazio standout Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has been on Lazio’s books since August of 2015 when he made the switch from Belgian outfit, Genk. Lazio are said to have paid around £16.2m for Milinkovic-Savic’s services. In total, the midfield powerhouse has featured on 178 occasions for Lazio, in which he has found… November 10, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea 3 – Watford 0 Chelsea’s 3-0 win over Watford on Saturday night lifted the Blues above Man United into 4th. Man United are two points behind Chelsea with 5 matches to go. Olivier Giroud opened for Chelsea after 28 minutes from a Ross Barkley assist. Willian scored his second… July 5, 2020 In "Sports"