Manchester City got their 2020/21 Champions League campaign underway on Tuesday evening. The Citizens have been handed a fairly easy group, with Marseille perhaps their toughest test. It would be FC Porto who City welcomed to the Etihad for their first European tie of the season, though. And despite a shaky start, which saw Porto take the lead inside 14 minutes, Man City then went on to dominate the tie. Sergio Aguero levelled the scoring from the spot six minutes later, with strikes from Ilkay Gundogan and Ferran Torres strikes in the second half ensuring Pep Guardiola and co. emerged with a key three points. Following the clash, Guardiola would speak about Eric Garcia’s future. The Spaniard, who is out of contract next summer and was expected to leave the club, stayed at the Etihad over the latest window despite reported interest from Barcelona. Garcia has since found minutes fairly hard to come by but was in from the off against Porto. And when speaking following his side’s latest triumph, Guardiola expressed the hope that the club may be able to ‘seduce’ the stopper into signing a new deal: “I know he wanted to leave but he’s going to stay and maybe we can seduce him in this year to extend the contract with us. “He’s a guy who is so stable in many many things and we are so happy.” Guardiola also discussed his side’s display vs Porto, labeling it perfect: “They have the winning mentality, they have to win every game. “I was surprised they played so defensively with five at the back, we had to be patient but in the second half we didn’t concede counter-attacks, we didn’t concede set-pieces, we didn’t allow them to run. “We did the perfect performance against a really good team. It is nice to win games while suffering.” Quotes via Goal. See also: West Ham vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Aston Villa vs Leeds United betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.