Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus has moved to provide an update on his recovery from injury. The Brazilian started in City’s season opener vs Wolves, scoring once as the Manchester powerhouse went on to earn a 3-1 victory. However, Jesus also picked up an injury at Molineux, and has been out of action since. With Sergio Aguero also struggling for fitness, meanwhile, this has left City pretty light up top. Pep Guardiola was even forced to call up 17-year-old Liam Delap to his senior squad for a few games this season. However, in a boost for the Sky Blues, it looks as though Jesus is nearing a return. Speaking on a recent Twitch Livestream, the attacker confirmed that he will return to training this week, amid hopes of being back on the pitch in 1-2 weeks: Gabriel Jesus acaba de dizer que foi um mal entendido e que retornará em 1-2 semanas aos gramados, ele também confirmou que irá voltar aos treinos com o time nesta semana. pic.twitter.com/ZcpWo1U5cK — The Citizens Brasil (@TheCitizensBR) October 25, 2020 This news, of course, means that Jesus will miss Man City’s next outing. Guardiola’s men are set for a trip to France on Tuesday, as they continue their 2020/21 Champions League campaign. City have been drawn in Group C, alongside Marseille, FC Porto and Olympiacos. The Citizens, on paper, look clear favourites to top the group – with Marseille perhaps likeliest to take 2nd spot. However, whilst the Sky Blues were getting one over on Porto last week, the French giants actually fell to defeat at the hands of Olympiacos. As a result, City probably fancy their chances of securing a positive result against Marseille, despite their decent start to the 2020/21 Ligue 1 campaign. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here: Marseille vs Manchester City: Champions League preview, predictions & odds https://t.co/LCiBIOfqf1 — 101 Great Goals (@102greatgoals) October 26, 2020 See also: Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.