Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNi currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Abuja. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Abuja. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date 22nd October, 2020. The post Submit CVs – New Recruitment at Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is an indigenous non-governmental organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting a broad range of global health interventions, education and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNi is an allied organization to Family Health International (FH1360) with coexisting and mutually supportive interest in advancing the collective goals… June 23, 2020 In "Jobs" Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNi currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. To strengthen this operations and interventions in the country, we are seeking qualified candidates for the following positions below: 1.… February 11, 2020 In "Gists" The Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNi currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. To strengthen our operations and interventions in the country, we are seeking qualified candidates to fill the following positions… October 3, 2019 In "Gists"