Barcelona star Antoine Griezmann appeared to aim a jibe at the Blaugrana, after finding the net in France’s meeting with Croatia on Wednesday. Didier Deschamps’ men made the trip to Zagreb last night, for a rematch between the 2018 World Cup finalists. On this occasion, though, the clash came as part of the Nations League. France sat joint-top of the League A Group 3 table ahead of kick-off, alongside Portugal. Les Bleus’ last outing, meanwhile, came against Cristiano Ronaldo and co., with a hard-fought affair having eventually seen both sides forced to settle for a point. When all was said and done in Croatia on Wednesday, though, the world champions got back to winning ways. Antoine Griezmann put France on their way inside the opening 10 minutes, only for Nikola Vlasic to level things up just past the hour mark. A stunning team goal on the part of the visitors, which saw Lucas Digne’s wonderful first-time delivery slotted home by Kylian Mbappe, though, eventually proved enough to secure the win. As outlined above, meanwhile, on the back of a key contribution to his country’s 3-point haul, the post-match comments of Antoine Griezmann have since caught the headlines. The French hitman was questioned on the 90 minutes in Zagreb during an interview with TF1. And Griezmann took advantage of the opportunity to aim what has since been widely labelled as a dig, at Barcelona. On the back of a difficult debut campaign at the Camp Nou, the new season has seen the 29-year-old continue to look some way off his best, having once again been deployed out wide by new boss Ronald Koeman. Last night, though, Griezmann was shifted back to his preferred central role, before making sure to highlight Didier Deschamps’ knowledge of how to best make use of his talents: ‘The coach knows where to put me’, he explained. ‘I take advantage of this situation, of this place, of the confidence of the coach and my team-mates.’ On the Croatia clash itself, meanwhile, Griezmann continued: ‘It was a complicated match, not very beautiful to see, not very beautiful to play, on a difficult ground. We knew how to suffer, the most important is to win and show that we are strong.’ Quotes via Goal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.