Beacongate Limited – The company is primarily set up to help transform the latent abilities and potentials of Entrepreneurs, Professionals and Executives and make them realize their full potentials as well as create leadership brands that would make them distinct. This involves using approaches that lead to self discovery, awareness of situations, empowering for positive actions and actualization of goals and visions. We offer customized solutions to meet your personal and business needs. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Location: Ikeja, LagosEmployment Type: Full-time We are presently looking to recruit a social media strategist that can do the following: Requirements SalaryN100,000.00 – N120,000.00 monthly. Application Closing Date14th October, 2020. The post Social Media Strategist at Beacongate Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Beacongate Limited - The company is primarily set up to help transform the latent abilities and potentials of Entrepreneurs, Professionals and Executives and make them realize their full potentials as well as create leadership brands that would make them distinct. This involves using approaches that lead to self discovery, awareness… June 28, 2019 In "Jobs" Beacongate Limited – The company is primarily set up to help transform the latent abilities and potentials of Entrepreneurs, Professionals and Executives and make them realize their full potentials as well as create leadership brands that would make them distinct. This involves using approaches that lead to self discovery, awareness… June 24, 2019 In "Jobs" Beacongate Limited – The company is primarily set up to help transform the latent abilities and potentials of Entrepreneurs, Professionals and Executives and make them realize their full potentials as well as create leadership brands that would make them distinct. This involves using approaches that lead to self discovery, awareness… July 31, 2019 In "Jobs"