VPD.Money is one of Nigeria’s leading digital banking platform, that provides its users’ lifestyle financial services unifying wallet and digital banking experience in order to bridge the gap between Africa and the global e-commerce market. Enabling connectivity that drives performance powered by individuals, African – International SMEs, and the diaspora community seeking to trade or complete transactions in / with Africa. We are recruiting to fill the position of: Location: LagosEmployment Type: Full time Job Description ResponsibilitesTo succeed in this role, the following will be expected: Job Qualification Skills Set:What is required: Application Closing Date9th October, 2020. The post Experienced UX / Graphic Designer at VPD.Money appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. VoguePay is Nigeria’s leading online secure payment processor, offering both individual and business merchants an opportunity to transact seamlessly. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Experienced UX/Graphic Designer Location: Lagos Job type: Full Time Job Description We are poised to hire an experienced Graphics and UX designer interested… December 12, 2019 In "Gists" Vennit Technologies is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned serving both foreign and local businesses; constituted of smart and committed young professionals. The thrust of Vennit is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation, and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria.… March 24, 2020 In "Gists" Byteworks Technology Solutions Limited is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned; constituted of smart and committed young professionals. The thrust of Byteworks is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation, and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria as a whole by… March 10, 2020 In "Gists"