A pair of updates surrounding the work of Premier League giants Manchester United on the transfer front have been forthcoming online on Monday evening. The first surrounds an official deadline day arrival at Old Trafford. The player to have linked up with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad? Alex Telles. Brazilian left-back Telles had long been linked with a move to Manchester, on the back of yet another scintillating campaign with Porto. The 27-year-old developed into one of European football’s most productive full-backs during his time at the Estadio do Dragao, as evidenced by his haul of 13 goals and 12 assists across all competitions last season. Such stellar exploits, in turn, understandably piqued the interest of those in charge of transfers at United, with a lengthy transfer saga having subsequently unfolded. But, as confirmed in a post across the club’s social media platforms a short time ago, the Reds have finally landed their man. Telles has put pen to paper on a 4-year deal at Old Trafford, with Porto expected to pocket €15 million plus add-ons from his sale: ‘ : Alex Telles is a Red! #MUFC — Manchester United (@ManUtd) October 5, 2020 Interestingly, the Brazilian’s arrival comes on the same day that fellow United left-back Brandon Williams has been linked with an exit from the club: Manchester United receive loan offers for Brandon Williams #mufc https://t.co/4Wg92dy3sk — Man United News (@ManUtdMEN) October 5, 2020 Telles, of course, is expected to represent far from the only arrival on the red half of Manchester on Monday. Another high-profile star set to be announced as a new member of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad at any moment is Edinson Cavani: Edinson Cavani is a new Manchester United player. #MUFC #ManUnited #DeadlineDay — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) October 5, 2020 Uruguayan hitman Cavani agreed personal terms with United over the weekend, having been available as a free agent following the expiration of his contract with Paris Saint-Germain. Whilst the veteran will not set the Reds back any form of transfer fee, however, his presence at Old Trafford will not come cheap. This comes with an insight into Cavani’s predicted wage packet having been forthcoming over the last 24 hours. As per Ruben Uria of Goal, Manchester United have agreed to pay their incoming hitman £10 million (€11 million) per season. This eclipses the offer that had previously been tabled on the part of Atletico Madrid, and seemingly proved key in convincing Cavani of a move to the Premier League. It is added that: ‘The 33-year-old could pocket an extra €2m in bonuses at Old Trafford and will receive a €4m premium once the transfer is finalised.’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.