The injury concerns at Liverpool have this evening mounted further, after Fabinho was forced off during the club’s meeting with Midtjylland. Jurgen Klopp’s men are currently locked in action with the Danish giants at Anfield. The matchup marks both clubs’ 2nd of the Champions League group stage campaign. Ahead of kick-off on Merseyside, Liverpool sat 2nd in the Group D table, having picked up a hard-fought 1-0 win at Ajax last week. Midtjylland, on the other hand, sat bottom, on the back of a 4-0 drubbing at home to Atalanta in their own opener. As such, for obvious reasons, it was the hosts who headed into this evening’s proceedings as favourites to not only bag all 3 points, but to rack up a rake of goals along the way. It has therefore come as something of a surprise to see Liverpool, thus far, struggle to break down their Danish opponents. Jurgen Klopp’s decision to switch up his front-3, leaving star trio Mo Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino on the bench, has seen the Premier League champions’ attacking verve desert them, with the score locked at 0-0 as things stand. 0 – Liverpool have failed to register a single first-half shot on target for the first time in 51 home games in all competitions, since October 2018 against Manchester City in the Premier League. Stalled. pic.twitter.com/D8ioUXAYNt — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 27, 2020 The woes of the Reds, however, have stemmed beyond their struggles to find the net. In an untimely blow during the first-half, Fabinho was forced off with what looked like a hamstring injury. The Brazilian, whilst sprinting back towards the hosts’ box, suddenly pulled up clutching the back of his leg, with a subsequent discussion with Liverpool’s physios having eventually seen Fabinho limp off. 19-year-old Rhys Williams, meanwhile, was the man introduced in his place by Jurgen Klopp. Worrying times for Liverpool, as Fabinho goes off through injury… Rhys Williams takes his place alongside Joe Gomez  pic.twitter.com/hfjJIDffmB — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 27, 2020 Fabinho’s problem could not come at a worse time for Liverpool. Reds stalwart Virgil van Dijk was recently ruled out for what is expected to be the remainder of the season, after being forced to go under the knife to correct a serious knee injury. Joel Matip, meanwhile, has continued to toil in his efforts to regain full fitness over the early weeks of the campaign. As such, with Dejan Lovren having moved on to Zenit St. Petersburg during the summer, Liverpool could well head into the club’s Premier League meeting with West Ham this weekend with just one fit senior central-defender – Joe Gomez – available for selection. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world. Premier League table-toppers Liverpool have this afternoon confirmed the extent of the injury picked up by midfielder Fabinho during the club’s meeting with Napoli. Liverpool held Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Serie A giants Napoli to Anfield on Wednesday night, for their penultimate Champions League group E outing. The two sides… November 29, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of their crunch clash with RB Salzburg. Liverpool back in action The European champions are set to wrap up their Champions League group stage endeavours tomorrow evening. Klopp’s men face a tricky trip to Austria,… December 9, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided a fitness update on Dejan Lovren, ahead of his side’s meeting with Watford. Liverpool back in action Klopp’s European champions are set to welcome the struggling Hornets to Anfield tomorrow afternoon, for the weekend’s Premier League opener. The Reds will head into… December 13, 2019 In "Sports"