2020/21 hasn’t been perfect for Tottenham so far. Spurs have already drawn twice and lost one in the league this term from just five outings. However, despite the inconsistent results, there should be no doubting the Lilywhites’ attacking threat this campaign. Despite playing one game less than most sides, Spurs currently have the joint-best attack in the Premier League this term, alongside current champions, Liverpool. The main reason behind the north Londoner’s attacking prowess this campaign has, of course, been the partnership of Harry Kane and Heung-min Son. After a rather drab start to the domestic season, which saw them held by table-topping Everton, Tottenham then went on to put five goals past Southampton in their following league clash. Son would score four of those five, with Kane, remarkably, assisting all four of the South Korean’s strikes: 4 – Harry Kane has assisted all four of Son Heung-Min’s goals against Southampton today – the first time in @premierleague history one player has assisted another four times in a single match. Fabulous. pic.twitter.com/EloGFWjEyE — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) September 20, 2020 What made said feat even more impressive was that Kane’s assists were not just simple cutbacks across the box, but long-range passes from all over the pitch – with one assist even looking somewhat Kevin De Bruyne-esque. This isn’t to say Kane is now suddenly the Premier League’s best creator, but it is hard to ignore the early-season stats. After providing four assists vs the Saints, Kane then set up Lucas Moura for Spurs’ only goal of the game vs Newcastle. This was then followed by Kane setting up Son for goals in both Tottenham’s 6-1 thrashing of Manchester United and for the opener vs West Ham last weekend. The England captain has also chipped in with an impressive five goals of his own this season in the league, two of which were set up by Son. So, in total, despite playing just five league games in 2020/21, Kane and Son have, all together, notched 21 goal contributions combine. They have also combined for eight of Spurs’ 15 league goals this season, meaning they are just one combination away from matching the current Tottenham record for a duo linking up in a single Premier League season: 8 – Harry Kane and Son Heung-min have combined for eight @premierleague goals this season; only Teddy Sheringham and Darren Anderton (1992-93 & 1994-95) and Sheringham and Chris Armstrong (1995-96) have ever combined for more in a single PL season for Spurs (all 9). Telepathic. pic.twitter.com/JyL2XvX3eP — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 18, 2020 So, after such an impressive start to 2020/21, this begs the question, are Kane and Son currently the best duo in the Premier League? And could they perhaps go down as the English top-flight’s greatest ever duo? There are obviously some fierce duos currently plying their trade right now, such as Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah, Sergio Aguero and Kevin De Bruyne and Timo Werner and Kai Havertz. And though it has, in recent times, been the former of that trio who often take the headlines, since Jose Mourinho took the reins at Spurs, Kane and Son have had a direct hand in more goals in all competitions than any other Premier League players: 30+ – Since Jose Mourinho took charge of Spurs in November 2019, Harry Kane (33) and Son Heung-Min (30) have had a direct hand in more goals in all competitions than any other Premier League players. Liberate. #TOTWHU pic.twitter.com/lQPgWKoGEM — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 18, 2020 Furthermore, after their draw with West Ham last Sunday, it was revealed that Son and Kane have, in total, combined for a staggering 28 Premier League goals. That record makes them, by combinations at least, the 4th best duo in Premier League history. They are also just one combo away from matching the records of Thierry Henry and Robert Pires and Sergio Aguero and David Silva. The current leading duo for goal combinations is Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba with 36. But with Kane and Son looking set to spend at least the rest of this campaign playing together, could the Tottenham duo surpass the Chelsea legends? Harry Kane and Son Heung-min have now combined for 28 Premier League goals – the fourth-best duo in history! Lampard & DrogbaHenry & PiresSilva & AgueroSon & Kane pic.twitter.com/AJKyqmLwMK — Goal (@goal) October 18, 2020 See also: Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur betting tips: Premier League preview, predictions & odds Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur live streaming: Watch Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.