Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has, on Saturday, moved to rule out the possibility of a return to former club Barcelona. Ongoings at the Camp Nou have of course taken centre stage in the media this week. This comes with a long-overdue change at the Barcelona summit having finally been forthcoming. Amid mounting pressure, and with a vote of no confidence in full motion, Blaugrana president Josep Maria Bartomeu was left with little choice but to step down from his post. The Spaniard announced the news during a press conference on Tuesday evening, with confirmation of the exits of the rest of the club’s board having also arrived: President Josep Maria Bartomeu announces the resignation of the FC Barcelona Board of Directors. pic.twitter.com/Xr9pBoUzHM — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) October 27, 2020 In the aftermath of Bartomeu’s resignation, meanwhile, much of the talk amongst the Barca faithful, and pundits alike, has surrounded what exactly is next for the Catalans. One man to have since made his plans crystal clear, to the delight of Blaugrana fans the world over, though, is Victor Font. Font is currently viewed as the frontrunner to replace Bartomeu as president at the Camp Nou, and, on Thursday, revealed his intention to lure the likes of Xavi Hernandez, Carles Puyol and, crucially, Pep Guardiola, back to the club: ‘It is our intention to build a very strong and competitive project and we are very lucky at Barca that we inherited a style of play that Johan Cruyff instilled throughout the organisation.’ ‘And most of the best professionals who know about this style are also fans and love the club – like Pep Guardiola, Xavi, Iniesta, Puyol.’ ‘They are all legends that love Barcelona but do not work for Barca today – we need to bring them back to ensure we will have a very competitive project.’ “We need to bring them back” Barcelona presidential frontrunner Victor Font has “no doubt” Lionel Messi will stay and wants Pep Guardiola to return to the club — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) October 29, 2020 As such, speculation surrounding the future of Man City boss Guardiola has since inevitably ramped back up, amid suggestions that the Spaniard could well be open to a return to the club where he made his name as a tactician. Speaking ahead of his side’s meeting with Sheffield United (which the Sky Blues went on to win 1-0), the 49-year-old was therefore drawn on the rumours of a potential return to Catalunya. Guardiola, though, was defiant in his response, assuring that his time at Barcelona is ‘done’: ‘My period as Barcelona manager is over. I think once in a lifetime you have to do things.’ ‘There are incredible people who can be in charge there, now for example Ronald Koeman. It’s over, I will come back to my city to see my club, to watch the game, it’s done.’ Quotes via Goal Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.